Page 1 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Parent firm wins control of DuPont Canada: Textile division to be spun off to new company.........................................2 
E.I. du Pont wins control of unit's minority stake .............................................................................................................3 
U.S. parent wins fight for DuPont: Dissidents toss in towel: Locked up more than 70% of minority shares ...................4 
UPDATE 1-DuPont names board for textiles business. ..................................................................................................6

Page 2 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Parent firm wins control of DuPont Canada: Textile division to be spun off to new company 
Business 
Parent firm wins control of DuPont Canada: Textile division to be spun off to new company 
The Canadian Press 
381 words 
18 June 2003 
Ottawa Citizen 
OTCT 
Final 
D14 
English 
Copyright c 2001 Ottawa Citizen 
WILMINGTON, Delaware -- DuPont declared victory yesterday in its $1.4-billion takeover bid for DuPont Canada, 
two weeks after sweetening the offer to $21.75 a share to the Canadian company's minority shareholders. 
DuPont already owned 76 per cent of Mississauga, Ont.-based DuPont Canada when it offered $21 per share in 
cash in March to buy out other shareholders. The offer was increased after some institutional investors balked at 
the price. 
With 47 million shares tendered by Monday's deadline, the U.S. company and its affiliates own 93 per cent of the 
Canadian company. 
"We are pleased that the revised offer has been accepted and we can move forward to complete this transaction," 
Charles Holliday, DuPont chairman and chief executive, said in a release yesterday. 
DuPont Canada's textiles and fibres businesses -- which accounts for about 45 per cent of its sales -- are 
expected to be spun off to a new company called DTI that would include the U.S. parent's other textile and fibre 
operations. 
There is speculation that a buyer would pay $5 billion to $6 billion U.S. for DuPont's textile business after it's spun 
off. 
DuPont Canada's remaining business would involve automotive finishes, crop protection products, and industrial 
chemicals. 
DuPont Canada will hold a special meeting of shareholders to consider an amalgamation or other transaction so 
that all remaining shares can be acquired. That meeting is expected to occur by the end of July. 
DuPont Canada Inc. had 2002 revenues of $2.5 billion and has 4,000 employees. It serves customers across 
Canada and in more than 40 other countries. 
The parent company operates in more than 70 countries and offers a wide range of products and services in 
agriculture, nutrition, electronics, communications, safety and protection, home and construction, transportation 
and apparel. 
DuPont's offer was structured in such a way that the fate of DuPont Canada if the takeover of minority shares 
didn't succeed would have been unpalatable. 
The U.S. company had threatened to transfer its 76 per cent interest in DuPont Canada to DuPont Textiles & 
Interiors, which analysts say is a money-losing division. 
Document otct000020030618dz6i0003m

Page 3 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
E.I. du Pont wins control of unit's minority stake 
Report on Business: Canadian 
E.I. du Pont wins control of unit's minority stake 
ALLAN ROBINSON 
INVESTMENT REPORTER 
355 words 
18 June 2003 
The Globe and Mail 
GLOB 
Metro 
B8 
English 
All material copyright Bell Globemedia Publishing Inc. or its licensors. All rights reserved. 
E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Co. has succeeded in acquiring a 93-per-cent interest in DuPont Canada Inc. despite 
opposition from several Canadian investment fund managers, who argued the offer was inadequate. 
It was finally able to win control of the shares of DuPont Canada it did not own by increasing its original bid on 
June 2 by 3.6 per cent or 75 cents to $21.75 a share. The takeover was launched March 19. 
As a result, E.I. du Pont acquired more than 47 million shares or 70.7 per cent of the 66 million shares 
outstanding for $1-billion. 
Under its original offer only 15 million shares or 23 per cent of the outstanding shares were tendered. 
Before making its takeover bid, U.S.-based E.I. du Pont owned a 76-per-cent interest in DuPont Canada. 
By acquiring a majority of the minority stake, E.I. du Pont will be able to squeeze out the remaining minority 
shareholders and take its Canadian subsidiary private at a total cost of about $1.4-billion. 
DuPont Canada intends to call a special meeting of shareholders to consider an amalgamation or other 
transaction for the purpose of enabling E.I. du Pont to acquire the remaining shares in Dupont Canada. The 
meeting is expected to be held by the end of July. 
E.I. du Pont plans a restructuring in which it will sell or spin off its textiles and interiors business. In order to 
complete that deal, it wants to transfer DuPont Canada's textile and interiors business to DuPont Textiles & 
Interiors. 
Between 40 and 45 per cent of DuPont Canada's sales of $2.5-billion in 2002 were from its textiles and interior 
business. 
The class A shares of DuPont Canada closed up 13 cents yesterday at $21.76. 
"We are pleased that the revised offer has been accepted and we can move forward to complete this transaction," 
said Charles Holliday, E.I. du Pont chairman. 
Document glob000020030618dz6i0001r

Page 4 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
U.S. parent wins fight for DuPont: Dissidents toss in towel: Locked up more than 70% of minority shares 
Financial Post: News 
U.S. parent wins fight for DuPont: Dissidents toss in towel: Locked up more than 70% of minority shares 
Drew Hasselback 
Financial Post 
684 words 
18 June 2003 
National Post 
FINP 
National 
FP3 
English 
(c) 2003 National Post . All Rights Reserved. 
The U.S.-based owner of DuPont Canada Inc. is claiming victory after locking up more than 70% of the shares it 
didn't already own in a $1.46-billion buyout fight with minority shareholders. 
Wilmington, Del.-based E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Co., which already owned 76% of DuPont Canada, last 
March offered minority investors $21 a share in a bid to take the company private. 
Key institutional shareholders slammed that initial offer as too low, forcing E.I. du Pont to boost the offer to $21.75 
a share. 
Despite continued opposition from some large institutional shareholders, E.I. du Pont collected 70.7% of the 
company's minority float. The bid required the acceptance of only 50.1% of minority shareholders. 
"We are pleased that the revised offer has been accepted and that we can move forward to complete this 
transaction," said Charles Holliday, chairman and chief executive of E.I. du Pont. 
The buyout battle was rocky. The initial offer of $21 was below of the half-way point of the $20 to $23 range 
provided in a fairness evaluation prepared by TD Securities Inc. DuPont Canada's information circular disclosed 
that the company's own chairman, Dave Colcleugh, voted against a motion to accept E.I. du Pont's first bid. 
The first bid, which originally required 90% support of minority shareholders, faltered when only 23% of the public 
float had been tendered on the first deadline. E.I. du Pont boosted the offer two weeks ago, a move that added 
$50-million to the overall purchase price. It also dropped the acceptance requirement to 50%. 
Last week money management firm AIC Ltd., the second-largest minority shareholder with 16% of the public float, 
announced it would tender to the offer. 
The successful bid leaves E.I. du Pont with 93% of DuPont Canada's outstanding shares. 
Canadian law allows a shareholder with more than 90% of a company's float to compel the holdout minority 
shareholders to sell. DuPont Canada said it will hold a shareholders meeting before the end of July to take the 
company private. 
Yet the largest minority investor, Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd., remains unimpressed. 
"I'm disappointed that so many people capitulated for an extra 75 cents a share," said Len Racioppo, president of 
Jarislowsky. 
While Jarislowsky Fraser has not tendered its 18% minority stake, the investment firm will not launch any legal 
manoeuvres to block E.I. du Pont from taking DuPont Canada completely private. 
"I don't think there's any more fight left," Mr. Racioppo. "We will not be exercising our right to dissent. That is a 
court process that can take seven or eight years, and the time value of money tells you that it is not worth it." 
Joel Raby, fund manager with another dissident shareholder, AGF Canadian Value Fund, said the opposition to 
the bid helped secure a higher price for minority investors.

Page 5 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"I think we were instrumental, along with others such as Jarislowsky Fraser, in achieving the higher price," Mr. 
Raby said. 
"We held to our principles, which were that the company was worth more than what was being offered." 
Since AGF continues to hold its shares, Mr. Raby added that he will be looking for DuPont Canada's board to 
declare a dividend at the end of the month. 
The Canadian transaction is part of a broader corporate shuffle at E.I. du Pont. 
The U.S. company wants to sell off DuPont Textiles and Interiors, the business unit that produces and sells 
Nylon, Lycra and other man-made fabrics. Analysts believe Wichita, Kan.-based Koch Industries Inc., is ready to 
pay at least US$5-billion to buy DTI. 
E.I. du Pont had threatened to fold all of DuPont Canada into DTI. That prospect frightened many Canadian 
shareholders because the textiles business is considered a mature one with few growth prospects. 
dhasselback@nationalpost.com;Business 
Document FINP000020030618dz6i0004a

Page 6 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE 1-DuPont names board for textiles business. 
UPDATE 1-DuPont names board for textiles business. 
344 words 
1 May 2003 
10:58 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2003 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, May 1 (Reuters) - DuPont Co., the second-largest U.S. chemical company, on Thursday unveiled 
the board of its textiles business, moving one step closer to separating the $6 billion unit through a sale or spin 
off. 
The Wilmington, Delaware-based company named its chief operating officer, Richard Goodmanson, as chairman 
of DuPont Textiles and Interiors (DTI), the maker of Stainmaster carpets and Lycra nylon. 
DuPont also said DuPont Chief Executive Officer Charles Holliday and Chief Financial Officer Gary Pfeiffer are 
on DTI's board, which has full operating responsibility for the wholly-owned subsidiary starting immediately. 
Steven McCracken, a 28-year DuPont veteran who worked in DTI, was named the unit's president. 
"They're preparing the market for the divestiture in announcing these moves," said Gene Pisale, senior 
investment officer at Wilmington Trust Co. in Delaware, which owns 31.2 million shares of DuPont. 
He said putting Holliday and Pfeiffer on the board makes sense for DTI operations because both executives have 
spent much of their careers in the textile fiber business. 
"It's a good move for the continuity of the business," Pisale said. 
The company is in talks with an unnamed buyer for DTI, which generates about one-quarter of DuPont's $24 
billion in annual revenue. DuPont announced early last year that it wanted to shed the unit by the end of 2003 as 
it struggled against cheap Asian textile imports and high raw material costs. 
In March, DuPont offered to buy the 24 percent of the shares of DuPont Canada that it does not already own. 
DTI comprises a substantial portion of DuPont Canada's business and operations. The tender offer was issued to 
all DuPont Canada stockholders of record on April 17. 
DuPont said it continues to consider all options for separating DTI, including an initial public offering. 
"The DTI separation work continues to proceed according to plan," said DuPont's Goodmanson. 
DuPont shares fell 81 cents to $41.72 in line with lower blue chip stocks. 
Document lba0000020030501dz5100pmk 
Search Summary 
Text Charles Holliday AND DUPONT CANADA 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2004 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company All Companies 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions

Page 7 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Language English

