Page 1 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
The Deal Names Abbott Top Dealmaker for Third Consecutive Year; Awards Recognize Industry-Leading Companies 
That Demonstrate Effective.............................................................................................................................................2 
Astellas acquires OSI for $4B; sweetened bid works......................................................................................................4 
Abbott dons white knight armour and rides to Facet's rescue.........................................................................................5

Page 2 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
The Deal Names Abbott Top Dealmaker for Third Consecutive Year; Awards Recognize Industry-Leading Companies That Demonstrate Effective... 
The Deal Names Abbott Top Dealmaker for Third Consecutive Year; Awards Recognize Industry-Leading 
Companies That Demonstrate Effective Strategic Use of Mergers and Acquisitions Over Past Three Years 
Abbott; PR Newswire 
571 words 
20 September 2010 
11:30 
PR Newswire (U.S.) 
PRN 
English 
Copyright © 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. 
ABBOTT PARK, Ill., Sept. 20 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Deal magazine has named Abbott (NYSE: ABT) as 
one of its Most Admired Corporate Dealmakers for the third consecutive year. The Deal honored Abbott as its 
Most Admired Dealmaker in pharma/biotech for the most effective and consistent use of acquisitions and 
divestitures since January 2007. 
Over the past 24 months, Abbott has successfully executed on a number of strategic acquisitions that have 
enhanced the company's diversity, geographic reach and pipeline, and positioned the company for leadership in 
new, fast-growing markets. Recently, the company completed its acquisition of Piramal Healthcare Solutions, 
bringing immediate market leadership in India, the world's second-fastest growing pharmaceutical market. 
"Abbott is honored to again be recognized by The Deal for our track record of acquisitions," said Miles D. White, 
chairman and chief executive officer, Abbott. "In 2010, Abbott has successfully executed on a series of 
transactions to establish a leading presence in emerging markets, enhance its pharmaceutical pipeline and 
capitalize on global growth opportunities to drive continued top-tier performance." 
In 2010, Abbott has: 
* Acquired Solvay Pharmaceuticals, complementing and diversifying its pharmaceutical portfolio and expanding 
Abbott's presence in key global emerging markets. 
* Purchased Facet Biotech, adding innovative oncology and neuroscience compounds to existing research 
expertise. 
* Announced a licensing agreement with Zydus Cadila to promote a portfolio of pharmaceutical products in 15 
high-growth emerging markets. 
* Acquired a novel investigational biologic compound to treat chronic pain, enhancing Abbott's early-stage 
pharmaceutical pipeline. 
* Announced a collaboration with Neurocrine and Pierre Fabre to develop and commercialize treatments for 
endometriosis and oncology, respectively. 
The Deal's readers rated Abbott best on the award criteria: choice of targets and strategy; price paid (or received) 
compared to value; execution, including integration; and overall quality of the deal team. Companies considered 
for the survey have a market capitalization of $5 billion or more as of Dec. 31, 2009, closed the highest number 
and value of transactions and generated the largest increase in market capitalization over a three-year period 
ended Dec. 31, 2009. 
About The Deal LLC 
The Deal LLC (www.TheDeal.com) is a diversified media and information company. We report, analyze and 
disseminate business and financial news and data that offer fresh insights on the deal economy, a set of 
interrelated activities, focused on dealmaking of all kinds, whose purpose is to generate corporate and capital 
growth in a continually changing global market. We serve the global deal community - corporate and financial 
dealmakers, advisers and institutional investors - with The Deal Pipeline, a transaction information service, and 
The Deal magazine, a business and financial magazine, website and event brand. The Deal LLC, a privately held 
company, is owned by private investment funds sponsored by Wasserstein & Co. LP. 
About Abbott

Page 3 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Abbott is a global, broad-based health care company devoted to the discovery, development, manufacture and 
marketing of pharmaceuticals and medical products, including nutritionals, devices and diagnostics. The company 
employs nearly 90,000 people and markets its products in more than 130 countries. 
Abbott's news releases and other information are available on the company's Web site at www.abbott.com. 
SOURCE Abbott 
Document PRN0000020100920e69k005va

Page 4 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Astellas acquires OSI for $4B; sweetened bid works. 
Astellas acquires OSI for $4B; sweetened bid works. 
528 words 
24 May 2010 
BioWorld Week 
BIOK 
1
Volume 18; Issue 21 
English 
Copyright 2010 Gale Group. All rights reserved. 
After an unsuccessful $3.5 billion hostile takeover attempt, Astellas Pharma Inc. raised its acquisition offer for 
Melville, N.Y.-based OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc. to $4 billion, and OSI agreed to a friendly buyout. 
The deal will provide a significant boost to Astellas' growing oncology franchise, adding OSI's blockbuster cancer 
drug Tarceva (erlotinib) as well as a U.S. sales force, a pipeline of small molecules and discovery capabilities. 
Tokyo-based Astellas approached OSI last February with an unsolicited acquisition offer of $3.5 billion, or $52 per 
share. OSI's board rejected the deal, prompting Astellas to take its offer directly to shareholders. 
At the time, analysts predicted Astellas would need to raise its price to close the deal, likely to somewhere 
between $55 and $59 per share. 
Some also speculated that OSI's Tarceva partner Roche AG would step in with a higher offer, while others 
thought a dark horse bidder might emerge, like when Abbott came out of nowhere with a $722 million acquisition 
offer for Facet Biotech Corp., squashing a $438 million hostile bid from Biogen Idec Inc. 
There was no dark horse this time, and apparently no white knight, either. Canaccord Adams analyst George 
Farmer predicted that despite plenty of opportunities to grow the Tarceva franchise, increasing competition, 
pending patent expirations within a decade and risky pipeline products could deter additional bidders. 
Yet OSI hired Centerview Partners LLC and Lazard Capital to run an extensive sale process, and sources familiar 
with the deal said there were multiple parties doing extensive due diligence. 
Meanwhile, OSI's investors held out for a better offer. As of the close of business on May 14, only 299,214 of 
OSI's 58 million shares had been tendered at the $52-per-share price, despite multiple extensions. 
So Astellas raised its bid to $57.50, or $4 billion - an 11 percent premium over the original offer and a 55 percent 
premium over the value of OSI's shares before takeover talks began. OSI agreed to the all-cash deal, which has 
now been approved by the boards of directors for both companies. The tender offer at the new price expires June 
2. 
For Astellas, the acquisition of OSI makes it a prime-time player in oncology. OSI's Tarceva, approved in 
second-line lung cancer and as a first-line therapy for pancreatic cancer, will be Astellas' first marketed oncology 
drug in the U.S. and was the primary value-driver for the deal. 
The drug generated worldwide sales of $1.2 billion in 2009, of which OSI received $208.8 million from its U.S. 
co-promotion deal with Roche and $146.3 million in royalties for sales outside the U.S. 
There's potential for those numbers to increase, as well. Last month OSI won FDA approval of Tarceva as a 
maintenance therapy for lung cancer. And analysts are looking forward to upcoming data with Tarceva plus 
chemotherapy in first-line lung cancer patients who never smoked or were former light smokers, as well as data 
comparing Tarceva to chemotherapy in lung cancer patients with EGFR mutations. 
Document BIOK000020101022e65o000kw

Page 5 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Abbott dons white knight armour and rides to Facet's rescue 
Abbott dons white knight armour and rides to Facet's rescue 
502 words 
10 March 2010 
EP Vantage 
EPVNTG 
English 
Copyright 2010. EvaluatePharma Ltd. 
So a white knight for Facet Biotech has emerged in the somewhat unlikely shape of Abbott Laboratories (Facet 
rebuffs Biogen but will white knight emerge ?, December 18, 2009). Having fought off an opportunistic $17.50 per 
share bid from Biogen Idec, Facet’s strong-willed shareholders will now be offered $27 a share by Abbott, valuing 
the company at $722m, although the net price paid by the US healthcare giant will be closer to $450m 
considering Facet’s cash pile of $272m. 
Facet’s shares opened at $26.94 today, a gain of 66% over yesterday’s close of $16.21, suggesting the market, 
which so far has been correct in predicting raised or competing offers, expects Abbott’s offer to succeed where 
Biogen failed. A spin out from PDL BioPharma at the end of 2008 when it floated on the market at around $12 per 
share, Facet’s life looks like it will be a short but sweet one. 
Shrewd move 
Given the large upfront fees and potential blockbuster biodollar deals that big pharma is currently prepared to 
commit to licensing individual products in mid to late stage trials, Abbott’s $450m offer for Facet looks like a 
shrewd and decent bit of business (AstraZeneca tops the product deal charts in 2009 , February 16, 2010). 
Although Facet’s pipeline candidates are mostly tied up in collaborations, most notably with Biogen and 
Bristol-Myers Squibb, meaning Abbott will not gain full control or value from these products, the acquisition 
provides an antibody technology platform at a remarkably low price (M&A spotlight on antibody companies , July 
24, 2009). 
In addition, Facet’s most promising candidates, daclizumab and volociximab (M200) partnered with Biogen and 
elotuzumab with BMS, are potential treatments for the high-value disease areas of MS, solid tumours and multiple 
myeloma, respectively. Phase III trials of daclizumab are expected to start in the second quarter this year. 
Biogen’s loss? 
While the chances of Biogen responding with a higher offer cannot be completely ruled out, they still appear slim 
to none given management’s comments at the time that $17.50 was their final and best offer and that they would 
walk away. 
As such, Biogen’s move for Facet is slightly baffling and at best can be described as opportunistic given its offer 
was only just higher than Facet’s cash in the bank. Did Biogen really ever believe they could pull off such an 
audacious move? 
At least Biogen can now move on and form a new relationship with Abbott which should help repair some of the 
damage that must have been caused to its existing collaboration with Facet. 
Oddly enough, Biogen and Abbott have so far had limited dealings with each other, save a relatively minor deal 
struck in 1998 over Latin American rights to Biogen’s MS drug Avonex. A clean slate looks like being the best 
possible outcome all round, Facet’s shareholders included. 
Document EPVNTG0020110223e63a0003u 
Search Summary 
Text White AND Facet Biotech 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2011 
Source All Publications

Page 6 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Author All Authors 
Company Abbott Laboratories 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

