Page 1 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Technology......................................................................................................................................................................2 
Dell Buries Speculators Six Dollars Under ......................................................................................................................3 
Heard on the Street / Financial Analysis and Commentary.............................................................................................5 
Dell Inc . poised to acquire data storage provider ...........................................................................................................8 
Dell boss says transformation is on way .........................................................................................................................9 
Dell aims to acquire storage company ..........................................................................................................................10 
RPT-EXCLUSIVE-UPDATE 2-Dell's CEO: transformation is on the way .....................................................................12 
UPDATE 6-Dell offers nearly $1 bln to buy Compellent................................................................................................14 
HEARD ON THE STREET: Dell Buries Speculators Six Dollars Under........................................................................16 
Deals offer Dell many paths to grow --- Though H-P won bidding war for 3PAR, PC maker has other options for 
branching out beyond its core... ....................................................................................................................................17 
Dell to acquire EqualLogic, provider of iSCSI SAN solutions for virtualised IT environments, for $1.4bn in cash............ 
19 
Compellent Issues Statements on Dell Decision to Acquire EqualLogic.......................................................................21

Page 2 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Technology
FB Business, Technology 
Technology 
104 words 
11 December 2010 
South China Morning Post 
SCMP 
1
English 
(c) 2010 South China Morning Post Publishers Limited, Hong Kong. All rights reserved. 
Dell chief pins hopes on acquisitions 
Dell's chief executive wants to drive the acquisitions that will prove crucial to its long-term future. But he says 
firmly he will not pay unreasonable prices for the new pieces. Nearly four years into Michael Dell's second stint 
as chief executive, the company finds itself lagging larger rivals in the race to become one-stop shops for 
corporate IT needs. In a move to expand its presence in cloud computing, Dell is bidding for storage specialists 
Compellent Technologies in a deal valued at close to US$1 billion. Full report B4 
Document SCMP000020101210e6cb0001b

Page 3 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Dell Buries Speculators Six Dollars Under 
Heard on the Street 
Dell Buries Speculators Six Dollars Under 
By Rolfe Winkler 
316 words 
10 December 2010 
The Wall Street Journal 
J
C12 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2010, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
[Financial Analysis and Commentary] 
Michael Dell should try his hand at Texas Hold 'Em. He clearly has the nerve to call a bluff. 
Dell's likely $27.50 take-under offer for storage-firm Compellent Technologies is an 18% discount to 
Wednesday's $33.65 close. After rich bids for 3Par and Isilon Systems, Dell is restoring some sense to the hyped 
sector. For investors, it's a reminder to keep their heads, even when a company looks a clear target. 
Entering the week, Compellent shares were up 140% since Dell's failed 3Par bid lit a fire under the sector in 
August. Compellent's finance chief then begged off a technology conference, sending takeover speculation into 
overdrive. 
But Dell and Compellent reined in price expectations Thursday with a joint statement of deal talks pitched well 
below the market price. 
That would mean a valuation of four times next year's revenue, says Stifel Nicolaus analyst Aaron Rakers. 3Par 
and Isilon sold for double that to Hewlett-Packard and EMC. 
With shares trading about 6% above the suggested offer price, speculators haven't folded just yet. But Dell is 
playing a solid hand. Given rivals H-P and EMC already have sealed storage deals, there are few obvious buyers 
for midrange storage specialist Compellent, which isn't as desirable as high-end 3Par or Isilon. 
Dell would be settling for a less-attractive option. But Gartner analyst Roger Cox says that selling its own 
midrange product, rather than continuing to resell one of EMC's, could help Dell's gross margins in the business 
to triple. 
Dell still faces an uphill battle against larger rivals with more complete product portfolios, but investors should take 
comfort it isn't going all-in with their precious capital.

Page 4 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document J000000020101210e6ca0000t

Page 5 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Heard on the Street / Financial Analysis and Commentary 
Heard on the Street / Financial Analysis and Commentary 
1,313 words 
10 December 2010 
The Wall Street Journal Europe 
WSJE 
32 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2010, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
Fed's success is in the eye of the investor 
Define "failure." That is important in assessing the Federal Reserve's latest bond-buying program and the 
accompanying surge in Treasury yields. 
Measured by one ostensible goal of lowering interest rates, the program has flopped. The yield on 10-year 
Treasurys has risen about 0.7 percentage point since the Fed in early November announced it would purchase 
$600 billion worth of Treasurys. For investors, that means the value of the bonds has dropped nearly 5.5%, while 
the price of the 30-year bond, which is more sensitive to changes in yield because of its longer duration, has 
fallen more than 7%. 
But the ultimate goal of lower rates was to boost economic growth. In that sense, the Fed's drastic actions were a 
form of economic insurance -- or a huge roll of the dice, depending on your point of view. When it comes to 
bolstering growth prospects, or at least investors' belief in them, the Fed may earn a better grade. 
As the Fed formalized its plan to buy government bonds, the economy was likely beginning to gather some steam 
after a summer slowdown. Yet that was far from certain. The Fed wanted to reinflate asset prices in a bid to juice 
confidence. And it was keen to act quickly because it saw no fiscal stimulus for the economy from a gridlocked 
Congress. 
The economy has since shown signs of improvement, and a tax-cut compromise is at hand, though there is still 
some uncertainty about whether congressional Democrats will go along with it. Not only would that avoid the 
economic drag from an effective tax increase, but the political deal includes what TD Securities estimates is an 
additional $300 billion in fiscal stimulus. That comes from a payroll-tax cut and other measures markets hadn't 
expected. 
If investors are pushing Treasury yields higher because they believe better economic days are indeed ahead, and 
stocks and other assets are rising in value, that is the kind of failure the Fed can probably live with. In fact, its 
bond buying last year pushed Treasury yields sharply higher. They slumped again shortly after the buying ended. 
The danger is that fears of deflation are overblown and the Fed needlessly jumped the gun, eroding its credibility. 
Any loss of credibility, hard-won under Paul Volcker, wouldn't bode well if investors push yields even higher in 
anticipation of rising inflation. Such a move could start to again drag on economic growth. If its words start to 
carry less weight, the Fed would have to act more aggressively. 
Equally worrying is the thought politicians will take advantage of the Fed's commitment to money printing to avoid 
dealing with runaway deficits. In the first six months of next year, the Fed's bond buying should be roughly 
equivalent to net issuance of Treasurys, according to FTN Financial. That is a scary thought indeed, both for 
investors and the Fed. 
-- David Reilly 
It's a pipe dream for insurers in China 
Is China the promised land for insurers? Back in 2001, when restrictions on foreign firms were lifted, it certainly 
looked that way. But the industry's high hopes are waning. 
Dutch insurer Aegon will restructure its loss-making Asian business. Aegon still sees opportunity in China, but for 
the bulk of foreign insurers, turning a profit there will be a struggle.

Page 6 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Chinese opportunities appear mouth-watering. Insurance penetration is low. China is already the world's 
sixth-largest insurance market by premiums, with annual growth of 15% expected in coming years. 
But foreign insurers' operations there are restricted. Virtually all must operate in a joint venture with a local 
partner. Domestic firms can apply for national licenses; foreign players must apply to expand separately in 
different regions. The combined market share of foreign life insurers is just 5%; that of property and casualty 
insurers is just 1%. Both figures have fallen in the last five years. 
Some insurers are happy with a small slice of a very large pie. But competition is fierce: 27 foreign life companies 
and 18 property-and-casualty players compete with home-grown behemoths such as China Life Insurance and 
Ping An Insurance. 
No major foreign firms have pulled out of China to date, but many are considering their options. Foreign insurers 
expect no imminent growth in their market share. They anticipate greater competition from banks, which are 
gradually entering the insurance market. And the majority of foreign firms PricewaterhouseCoopers surveyed in 
September said they believed their Chinese partners would like to leave the joint venture. 
Foreign insurers' best bet might be to own a minority stake in a less-fettered local operator, as Zurich Financial 
Services and Ageas do. Alternatively, some areas of the market, such as reinsurance, enjoy fewer restrictions 
than life or general insurance. But for the majority of foreign players, dreams of Chinese profits will remain just 
that. 
-- Hester Plumridge 
Dell buries 
speculators six 
dollars under 
Michael Dell should try his hand at Texas Hold 'Em. He clearly has the nerve to call a bluff. 
Dell's potential $27.50 take-under offer for storage-firm Compellent Technologies comes at a whopping 18% 
discount to Wednesday's close. After blowout bids for 3Par and Isilon Systems, Dell is reinjecting some sense 
into the hyped sector. For investors, it is a reminder not to get carried away by takeover talk. 
At the start of this week, Compellent shares already were up 140% since Dell's original 3Par bid lit a fire under the 
sector in August. Then Compellent's finance chief suddenly canceled an engagement at a technology conference, 
and speculators pushed the stock even higher, expecting an imminent deal. 
But Dell and Compellent reined in price expectations with a joint statement of deal talks pitched well below the 
market price. 
That would mean a relatively sober valuation of four times next year's revenue, says Stifel Nicolaus analyst Aaron 
Rakers. 3Par and Isilon sold for double that to Hewlett-Packard and EMC. 
With shares trading about 6% above the suggested offer price, speculators haven't folded just yet. But Dell is 
playing a solid hand. Given that rivals H-P and EMC already have agreed to storage deals, there are few obvious 
buyers for midrange storage specialist Compellent, which isn't as desirable as higher-end rivals 3Par or Isilon, 
anyway. 
Dell would be settling for a less-attractive option. But Gartner analyst Roger Cox says that selling its own 
midrange product, rather than continuing to resell one of EMC's, could help Dell's gross margins in the business 
to triple. 
Dell still faces an uphill battle against larger rivals with more complete product portfolios, but investors should take 
comfort it isn't going all-in with their precious capital. 
-- Rolfe Winkler 
Overheard

Page 7 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
The 1987 "Wall Street" film sparked a sequel this fall. Has it now spawned a real-life copycat? The SEC has 
charged a business consultant and his uncle with trading on inside knowledge, distributed using coded language 
like that used in "Wall Street" -- a movie about insider trading gone bad. 
Brett A. Cohen and his uncle David V. Myers allegedly received inside information from Cohen's fraternity brother, 
who was tipped off by his actual brother about a deal at biotech firm Sequenom. Lawyers for Mr. Cohen and Mr. 
Myers didn't return calls seeking comment. An email to Cohen asked, "[a]ny word related to Blu H@rsesh0e? La 
Jolla says the times are ripe." In "Wall Street," the phrase "Blue Horseshoe loves Anacott Steel" is used. The frat 
brother's brother lived and worked near La Jolla, Calif. When trying to dodge the SEC, perhaps keeping it in the 
family isn't enough. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document WSJE000020101210e6ca0000n

Page 8 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Dell Inc . poised to acquire data storage provider 
BUSINESS 
Dell Inc. poised to acquire data storage provider 
Associated Press 
188 words 
10 December 2010 
Tulsa World 
TUL 
FINAL 
E1 
English 
© 2010 World Publishing Company. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All rights reserved. 
Dell Inc. said Thursday it's close to acquiring data storage provider Compellent Technologies Inc. for about 
$876 million. 
The move would extend a recent string of deals in the data- storage industry as tech firms position themselves to 
help big companies and government agencies deal with ever increasing amounts of digital information. 
Round Rock, Texas-based Dell, historically a computer maker, is among many companies with an eye on cloud 
computing - seen as the next area of rapid growth and sweeter profits in the tech industry. 
"Dell is clearly changing as a business and evolving into much more of an IT solutions provider," Chairman and 
CEO Michael Dell said. "If you think about five years ago, we would have a series of ingredients that we would 
sell to customers - notebooks, desktops, servers. Those are all kind of necessary ingredients. 
"But where Dell is actually evolving is much more as a solutions provider. And to do that, we need many more 
new capabilities and ingredient technologies and intellectual property." 
Compellent Technologies is based in Eden Prairie, Minn. 
Document TUL0000020101211e6ca0001y

Page 9 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Dell boss says transformation is on way 
Dell boss says transformation is on way 
355 words 
10 December 2010 
Business and Finance Daily News Service 
BNFD 
English 
Copyright (c) 2010, Media World Ltd 
Dell's billionaire chief executive has said he wants to drive acquisitions in order to secure the long-term future fo 
the firm. 
But he has also warned that he will not pay unreasonable prices for acquisitions, citing increasingly frothy 
technology valuations. 
Nearly four years into Michael Dell's second stint as chief executive, the company finds itself lagging larger rivals 
like Hewlett Packard and IBM in the race to become one-stop shops for corporate IT needs. 
In a major move to expand its presence in the hot area of cloud computing, Dell has announced that it is bidding 
for storage specialists Compellent Technologies in a deal valued at close to USD 1bn. Dell says the company is 
indeed becoming more diversified, and wants to be a major player in both data center equipment and the 
fast-growing mobile market. "Five or 10 years ago people would say Dell is a PC company. Well, news flash -- 
most of our margin and profit doesn't come from PCs. I don't think people get that," Dell has said in a rare, 
exclusive interview. "Margins are going in the right direction, the mix of the business is shifting in a pretty 
considerable way, the picture is starting to emerge more clearly what Dell is becoming." Asked what the Dell of 
the future might look like, he downplayed the role of individual product categories, which he called "ingredients" in 
a broader IT menu. Once the world's top PC maker and a mainstay of business-school case studies, Dell has 
shed market share and now vies with Acer for second place. More than half its business still comes from selling 
low-margin, commodity PCs. But Michael Dell has made no secret he is determined to diversify the company into 
more profitable areas -- such as software, services and storage. The CEO who started out upgrading PCs from 
his college dorm room acknowledged that plenty of work still lay ahead to compete with rivals like IBM, HP and 
Apple. "It takes time, but clearly the company is changing," he said. (c) Reuters 
Document BNFD000020101210e6ca0000b

Page 10 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Dell aims to acquire storage company 
Dell aims to acquire storage company 
Kirk Ladendorf 
651 words 
10 December 2010 
Austin American-Statesman 
AAS 
Final 
B7 
English 
© 2010 Austin American Statesman. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved. 
Dell Inc., which was thwarted in efforts to make an major acquisition in September, announced Thursday that it 
has offered $876 million for another company, Compellent Technologies Inc., a storage solutions company 
based in Eden Prairie, Minn. 
Dell said it had offered $27.50 a share for Compellent and added that it is "in advanced discussions regarding a 
possible business combination of the two companies." 
The offer was well below Compellent's market price of $33.65 at the end of Wednesday. Its stock dropped $4.61 
a share, or 13.7 percent, to close at $29.04 a share Thursday. Analysts said investor speculation had driven up 
Compellent's stock because of recent purchases of storage technology companies for premium prices. 
Compellent's stock price had doubled in the three months before Thursday's announcement. 
The offer is Dell's first sizable acquisition move since it fell short in its bidding war with Hewlett-Packard Co. for 
storage vendor 3PAR Inc. in September. H-P's winning bid for that company was nearly $2.4 billion. Dell offered 
little comment on the deal, but CEO Michael Dell said the company expects to make several acquisitions a year 
as it adds to its strengths in promising new areas of information technology. 
"We need many more new capabilities and ingredients and technologies and intellectual property," Dell said at a 
briefing of international journalists Thursday in Round Rock. "We have been buying eight or so companies a year, 
and I think you will see us continue to do that in areas where we see inflection points in technology where there is 
a lot of value that can be created for customers." 
Such areas, he said, include resource sharing in data centers, cloud computing services and mobile computing, 
among others. 
Dell is unlikely to face a bidding war for Compellent, analysts said, because other storage companies, including 
H-P and EMC Corp., already have invested heavily in that area in recent months. 
"This is not a transformational acquisition for Dell, but it is a step in the right direction," said Ashok Kumar with 
Rodman & Renshaw. "They need to deepen their portfolio. Compellent is not the pick of the litter by any stretch, 
not even close. We don't expect a white knight (another bidder) to come in for Compellent. The company has 
been shopped around for some time and the other players have already made their moves in storage. 
"There are no other suitors for Compellent, so Dell is the last option for them." 
Analyst Rob Enderle with the Enderle Group said Dell, like other large computer-makers, is trying to become a 
"one-stop shop" offering a variety of products and services to business customers. 
Dell has strengths that make it well-suited for midsize businesses. Dell considers midtier customers to be those 
with between 100 and 5,000 employees. 
"This market requires unique products that are less complex and easier to install and less costly than the typical 
products that folks generally attempt to sell in this segment," Enderle said. "Dell continues to be willing to buy 
companies at reasonable prices to fill out its portfolio." 
The trend in information technology is to offer a wider range of products and services and for vendors like Dell to 
gain more "account control" over the total spending on technology that their customers make, Enderle said. 
Compellent, founded in 2002, has 450 workers and reported a profit of $2.4 million on revenue of $110.4 million 
through the first three quarters of this year.

Page 11 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
The company makes a range of data storage systems that enable customers to efficiently make better use of 
storage hardware while keeping track of important business data. Its customers include the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation and Savvis Inc., a leading player in computer hosting services. 
kladendorf@statesman,com; 445-3622 
Document AAS0000020101213e6ca00009

Page 12 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
RPT-EXCLUSIVE-UPDATE 2-Dell's CEO: transformation is on the way 
RPT-EXCLUSIVE-UPDATE 2-Dell's CEO: transformation is on the way 
963 words 
9 December 2010 
21:00 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2010 Reuters Limited 
(Changes headline tag to EXCLUSIVE to reflect nature of the interview) 
* Company moving in right direction - CEO 
* Sees bubble in smaller tech company valuations 
* Opportunity with small and medium-sized businesses 
* Wants to be a player in smartphones, tablets (Revises first sentence; adds comments by Michael Dell and 
other Dell executive, company background) 
By Gabriel Madway 
ROUND ROCK, Texas, Dec 9 (Reuters) - Dell Inc's billionaire chief executive, arguing that his efforts to transform 
his company have gone unnoticed by some on Wall Street, wants to drive the acquisitions that will prove crucial 
to its long-term future. 
But he is also starting to see warning signs of increasingly frothy technology valuations, and said firmly he will not 
pay unreasonable prices to acquire new pieces. 
Nearly four years into Michael Dell's second stint as chief executive, the company finds itself lagging larger rivals 
like Hewlett Packard Co and International Business Machines Corp in the race to become one-stop shops for 
corporate IT needs. 
In a major move to expand its presence in the hot area of cloud computing, Dell announced it is bidding for 
storage specialists Compellent Technologies Inc in a deal valued at close to $1 billion. [ID:nN09223816] 
Dell says the company is indeed becoming more diversified, and wants to be a major player in both data center 
equipment and the fast-growing mobile market. 
"Five or 10 years ago people would say Dell is a PC company. Well, news flash -- most of our margin and profit 
doesn't come from PCs. I don't think people get that," Dell said in a rare, exclusive interview on Thursday. 
"Margins are going in the right direction, the mix of the business is shifting in a pretty considerable way, the 
picture is starting to emerge more clearly what Dell is becoming." 
Asked what the Dell of the future might look like, he downplayed the role of individual product categories, which 
he called "ingredients" in a broader IT menu. 
RIGHTING THE SHIP 
Once the world's top PC maker and a mainstay of business-school case studies, Dell has shed market share and 
now vies with Acer Inc for second place. 
More than half its business still comes from selling low-margin, commodity PCs. But Michael Dell has made no 
secret he is determined to diversify the company into more profitable areas -- such as software, services and 
storage. 
The CEO who started out upgrading PCs from his college dorm room acknowledged that plenty of work still lay 
ahead to compete with rivals like IBM, HP and Apple Inc .

Page 13 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"It takes time, but clearly the company is changing," he said. 
Dell was presiding over an event at corporate headquarters to promote what he sees as a major opportunity 
selling equipment and services to small- and medium-sized businesses, a segment often overlooked by investors 
but which makes up roughly a quarter of sales and a third of operating income. 
"Dell has an enormous channel that can sell to these customers, and this is also where all the growth is," said 
Dell, who founded the company in the 1980s while still a college student. 
Steve Felice, who leads Dell's mid-market business, said such companies are the largest group of spenders on 
IT. 
"They're often ignored from a technology standpoint," he said. 
NEEDS MORE CONVINCING? 
Michael Dell stepped down as CEO in 2004, but returned in early 2007 to try to revive his company, which 
remained too dependent on PC sales as the market matured. 
Dell raised its yearly profit outlook last month, but investors will need more convincing before they grant the 
company a higher multiple. [ID:nN18114219] 
Since Michael Dell reassumed the helm, the company has had its ups and downs, amid deep job cuts and 
restructuring. But Dell pointed to the strong third-quarter results and said the company is now hiring thousands, 
though he expressed surprise it cannot find enough qualified people to fill vacancies. 
To help drive growth, it has also launched a major push into mobile devices, introducing both a smartphone and a 
tablet, although analysts say that effort has failed to gain traction thus far. 
"It's early stages for us. We've got a lot more products planned next year, particularly as the tablet comes into the 
mainstream here," he said. 
He noted that the company has been acquiring around eight companies a year, a big change from a decade ago, 
when the company did not engage in M&A. 
"We're absolutely changing our role in the industry," he said. "At the extreme, you could have said Dell started out 
as more of distributor, and now you see Dell as an IP owner," he said, referring to intellectual property. 
The company's purchase of storage company EqualLogic in 2008 is widely deemed successful. But the jury is still 
out on last year's acquisition of services company Perot Systems, its biggest-ever purchase. Dell lost out to HP 
this year in a dramatic bidding war for storage company 3Par. 
With roughly $14 billion in cash and investments, Dell has a considerable war chest at its disposal, and still plans 
to be aggressive in adding pieces to its business. But Michael Dell saw some froth in valuations, and the 
company will be disciplined. 
"We don't have to go buy companies, and if the valuations aren't reasonable, we're not going to buy them," he 
said. 
Shares of Round Rock, Texas-based Dell slipped 0.2 percent to close at $13.65 on Thursday. (Reporting by 
Gabriel Madway; Editing by Edwin Chan and Matthew Lewis) 
DELL/ (EXCLUSIVE, INTERVIEW, UPDATE 2, REPEAT)|LANGEN|ABN|E|RBN|U|Z 
Document LBA0000020101210e6ca00032

Page 14 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE 6-Dell offers nearly $1 bln to buy Compellent 
UPDATE 6-Dell offers nearly $1 bln to buy Compellent 
873 words 
9 December 2010 
08:56 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2010 Reuters Limited 
* Dell offers $27.50 per share for data storage company 
* In exclusive agreement to negotiate a deal 
* Offer below Compellent's Wednesday close after big runup 
* Valued around 5 times sales, cheaper than 3PAR or Isilon 
* Compellent shares fall nearly 14 pct to $29.04 (Adds names of financial advisors in penultimate paragraph) 
By Ritsuko Ando and Nadia Damouni 
NEW YORK, Dec 9 (Reuters) - Dell Inc offered to buy data storage company Compellent Technologies Inc for 
nearly $1 billion to expand beyond PCs and catch up with rivals Hewlett-Packard Co and IBM in new technologies 
like cloud computing. 
Three months after losing out to HP in a bidding war for another storage firm, 3Par, Dell said on Thursday it is 
bidding $27.50 a share for Compellent. 
That was an 18 percent discount from Compellent's closing Nasdaq price on Wednesday, although the shares 
had already risen 90 percent since late October when Reuters reported that a deal was being discussed. 
Speculation also heated up earlier this week after the company backed out of a Barclays technology conference. 
Compellent shares closed Thursday down 13.7 percent at $29.04, but were still above Dell's bid, indicating some 
investors expect a higher bid could emerge. Dell shares were little changed, ending down 3 cents at $13.65. 
Dell entered an exclusive agreement with Compellent to negotiate a merger, and the companies said they were 
holding "advanced discussions." They added there could be no assurance that they would reach a deal. 
But a source familiar with the matter said both parties were pleased with the price. "The deal was inked at $27.50 
and both parties wanted a deal at that price," the source said. 
Dell, HP, and International Business Machines have all been pursuing acquisitions in the past year in an attempt 
to position themselves for an economic recovery and become "one stop shops" for corporate clients' technology 
needs. 
Dell founder and chief executive Michael Dell told Reuters in an interview on Thursday that his company's efforts 
to transform from its roots as a computer maker have gone unnoticed by some on Wall Street. 
He said most of Dell's margin and profit now comes from areas other than PCs. "I don't think people get that." 
[ID:nN09288163] 
But some analysts say that even with a successful Compellent deal, Dell has far to go in catching up with HP and 
IBM in areas like cloud computing. (For a graphic on recent cloud-computing deals, click on: 
http://r.reuters.com/wum49q ) 
Data storage plays a crucial role in cloud computing, the accessing of remote computing power and data over the 
Internet. Dell entered this market in 2008 with its purchase of EqualLogic.

Page 15 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Eden Prairie, Minnesota-based Compellent specializes in storage and recovery of data for small and 
medium-sized businesses, compared to the high end business targeted by 3PAR. 
CHEAPER THAN 3PAR 
The Compellent deal appears to be a consolation prize for Dell, which lost 3PAR to HP in September. Some 
analysts had said HP's final offer of over $2 billion for 3PAR was excessive, driven by the heated bidding war. 
The source said the bid valued Compellent at $946 million, around five times sales, compared to multiples of over 
eight that HP offered for 3PAR and EMC offered for Isilon . 
While some analysts said Dell did well to settle for the more affordable option, others said Compellent, unlike 
3PAR, was not capable of addressing the needs of customers with large data centers. 
"For Dell, it does nothing to help answer some of the big questions that investors have about its strategy in cloud 
computing," said Canaccord Genuity analyst Paul Mansky, whose target price of $27.50 was matched exactly by 
Dell's offer. 
"Dell's going to have to do one of two things. It's either going to have to look at private companies which are by 
definition not as big in terms of an installed base, or you're going to have to seriously consider new partnerships." 
The recent data storage deals have left few potential acquisition targets in the sector, although CommVault 
Systems Inc as well as privately held Pillar Data Systems and DataDirect Networks are also seen as potential 
targets. 
Some analysts and bankers say NetApp Inc could also be a target, but at a market capitalization of nearly $20 
billion, they say it could be too big and the major technology companies have already bought storage 
technologies. 
IBM in September announced a deal to buy data analytics company Netezza for $1.7 billion. 
Morgan Stanley and Blackstone Group advised Compellent, while UBS advised Dell, the source said. Compellent 
held preliminary meetings with Frank Quattrone's Qatalyst Partners, which advised 3Par when it was courted by 
HP and Dell, but did not retain them, said the source. 
Dell and Compellent said they do not plan to comment further until an agreement is reached or discussions are 
ended. (Additional reporting by Sinead Carew in New York and Gabriel Madway in Round Rock, Texas; Editing 
by Derek Caney and Tim Dobbyn) 
COMPELLENT/DELL (UPDATE 6)|LANGEN|ABN|E|RBN|U|RNP|DNP|PCO 
Document LBA0000020101209e6c9000z9

Page 16 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
HEARD ON THE STREET: Dell Buries Speculators Six Dollars Under 
HEARD ON THE STREET: Dell Buries Speculators Six Dollars Under 
By Rolfe Winkler 
A DOW JONES COLUMN 
440 words 
9 December 2010 
15:09 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(c) 2010 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
Michael Dell should try his hand at Texas Hold 'Em; he clearly has the nerve to call a bluff. 
Dell's potential $27.50 take-under offer for storage-firm Compellent Technologies comes at a whopping 18% 
discount to Wednesday's close. After blowout bids for 3Par and Isilon Systems, Dell is reinjecting some sense 
into the hyped sector. For investors, it's a reminder not to get carried away by takeover talk. 
At the start of this week, Compellent shares were already up 140% since Dell's original 3Par bid lit a fire under the 
sector in August. Then Compellent's finance chief suddenly canceled an engagement at a technology conference, 
and speculators pushed the stock even higher, expecting an imminent deal. 
But Dell and Compellent reined in price expectations with a joint statement of deal talks pitched well below the 
market price. That would mean a relatively sober valuation of four times next year's revenue, says Stifel Nicolaus 
analyst Aaron Rakers. 3Par and Isilon sold for double that to Hewlett-Packard and EMC. 
With shares trading about 6% above the suggested offer price, speculators haven't folded just yet. But Dell is 
playing a solid hand. Given that rivals H-P and EMC have already agreed to storage deals, there are few obvious 
buyers for midrange storage specialist Compellent, which isn't as desirable as higher-end rivals 3Par or Isilon, 
anyway. 
Dell would be settling for a less-attractive option. But Gartner analyst Roger Cox says that selling its own 
midrange product, rather than continuing to resell one of EMC's, could help Dell's gross margins in the business 
triple. 
Dell still faces an uphill battle against larger rivals with more complete product portfolios, but investors should take 
comfort it isn't going all-in with their precious capital. 
(Rolfe Winkler joined The Wall Street Journal from ThomsonReuters, where he wrote commentary on finance and 
economics. Previously, he was an analyst at Matador Capital Management, a long-short U.S. equity hedge fund. 
He can be reached at 212-416-3025 or by email at rolfe.winkler@wsj.com) 
(TALK BACK: We invite readers to send us comments on this or other financial news topics. Please email us at 
TalkbackAmericas@dowjones.com. Readers should include their full names, work or home addresses and 
telephone numbers for verification purposes. We reserve the right to edit and publish your comments along with 
your name; we reserve the right not to publish reader comments.) [ 12-09-10 1509ET ] 
5090 
Document DJ00000020101209e6c9000io

Page 17 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Deals offer Dell many paths to grow --- Though H-P won bidding war for 3PAR, PC maker has other options for branching out beyond its core... 
Deals offer Dell many paths to grow --- Though H-P won bidding war for 3PAR, PC maker has other 
options for branching out beyond its core business 
By Ben Worthen 
737 words 
8 September 2010 
The Wall Street Journal Europe 
WSJE 
21 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2010, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
Dell Inc. may have lost out to Hewlett-Packard Co. last week in its bid to acquire storage maker 3PAR Inc., but 
the company has other options as it looks to expand beyond its core personal-computer business. 
While Dell could potentially pursue another maker of data-storage systems, such as Compellent Technologies 
Inc. or Isilon Systems Inc., which have products similar to 3PAR's, the PC maker could benefit just as much by 
spending some of its $12.4 billion of cash on technology companies that specialize in other fields, analysts said. 
They added that Dell will need to make several deals if it wants to achieve its goal of becoming a one-stop 
technology shop for businesses. 
"It's not like 3PAR is the one shot that would have gotten them there," said Rob Cihra, an analyst at Caris & Co. 
"It would have been one of many." 
Interest in Dell's next moves has grown since the company withdrew Thursday from the bidding battle for 3PAR, a 
storage company in the fast-growing field of "cloud computing," after H-P raised its bid to $2.1 billion, far above 
Dell's original offer of $1.1 billion on Aug. 16. 
The loss of 3PAR is a blow to Dell Chief Executive Michael Dell's strategy to transform the company from a 
computer distributor to a broader supplier of technology to businesses. Since Mr. Dell returned as CEO in 2007, 
the Round Rock, Texas, company has bolstered its server and networking business and added new storage and 
software products to its catalog, among other moves. 
Dell has relied in part on acquisitions, including a $1.4 billion deal for closely held storage maker EqualLogic Inc. 
in 2007 and a $3.9 billion purchase of service provider Perot Systems Corp. in 2009. Last year Mr. Dell recruited 
Dave Johnson, a top mergers-and-acquisitions executive at International Business Machines Corp., to beef up 
M&A expertise at Dell. 
Dell declined to comment on its strategy or to make executives available for interviews. 
Dell still has plenty of other companies it could acquire. While 3PAR's product is considered the top of the line in 
the storage field, companies such as Compellent, Isilon or Comm Vault Systems Inc. make technology that could 
help round out Dell's storage portfolio, analysts said. 
A spokesman for Compellent said the 3PAR acquisition "validates" his company's strategy. An Isilon spokesman 
would say only that Isilon is committed to providing products for its customers. CommVault didn't respond to a 
request for comment. 
Dell could choose to expand its presence in other businesses, such as by buying another services firm or a 
software maker, said Rick Villars, an analyst at research company IDC. All of these businesses are more 
profitable than the company's core PC operations, which is a big reason that Dell keeps looking to diversify. 
Indeed, the percentage of Dell's revenue from PCs has declined steadily since Mr. Dell's return. In fiscal 2007, PC 
sales accounted for 61% of Dell's $57.4 billion in total sales. Through the latest fiscal first half ended July 30, PC 
sales were 55% of Dell's $30.4 billion in sales.

Page 18 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Today, the fastest-growing part of Dell's business is its services organization, whose revenue jumped 55% to $3.8 
billion in the six months ended July 30 from $2.5 billion a year earlier, and servers and networking, where revenue 
rose 37% to $3.7 billion over the period from $2.7 billion the year before. 
By contrast, Dell's consumer-PC business lost $4 million over the past six months, while overall sales of $8.8 
billion to large businesses added $571 million to the company's bottom line. 
Dell can acquire several new technologies for the $2.5 billion or so it would have had to spend to acquire 3PAR, 
said Steve Dupliese, an analyst at research company Enterprise Strategy Group. 
The company could benefit from buying small companies with limited distribution for their products because its 
sales force and reseller agreements would allow it to take those products to a broader audience, Mr. Dupliese 
said. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document WSJE000020100908e6980001c

Page 19 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Dell to acquire EqualLogic, provider of iSCSI SAN solutions for virtualised IT environments, for $1.4bn in cash 
Dell to acquire EqualLogic, provider of iSCSI SAN solutions for virtualised IT environments, for $1.4bn in 
cash 
472 words 
6 November 2007 
Optical Networks Daily 
OBSERV 
English 
(c) 2007 Electronics International Disclaimer: Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the 
information contained in this report, neither Electronics International nor its agents or sources can be held 
responsible for any inaccuracy. 
November 5th Dell of Round Rock, Texas, the world's second largest PC producer, capitalised at around $67 
billion and with a workforce of over 83,000, which offers products and services including: 
a. Desktop computer systems and workstations. 
b. Mobility products consisting of notebook computers, mobile workstations and MP3 players. 
c. Software and peripherals. 
d. Servers, networking products and storage devices. 
e. Services including infrastructure consulting, deployment, asset recovery and recycling, training, enterprise and 
client support, and managed lifecycle. 
Has signed a definitive agreement to pay $1.4 billion in cash for EqualLogic of Nashua, New Hampshire, a 
supplier of storage products based on proprietary virtualisation software. 
Founded in May 2001, with sales of $68.1 million in 2006 and with 384 employees as of March 2007, EqualLogic 
targets mid-sized enterprises unable to justify the high procurement and ongoing management costs of other SAN 
alternatives to retain, access, manage and protect their data. 
EqualLogic employs software based on the iSCSI network protocol that severs the traditional tie between stored 
data and disk drive hardware, masks the complexity of the underlying storage configuration and enables storage 
arrays to cooperate with one another to automatically share resources and balance workloads. 
In August 2007 the company filed with the SEC to launch an IPO with a maximum expected value of $125 million 
in which it noted: 
1. Primary competitors are EMC, Network Appliance, HP, Sun, Hitachi, IBM, Compellent Technologies, 
LeftHand Networks and 3PAR. 
2. For all of 2006, EqualLogic depended for 17% of its revenue on businesses outside North America and for the 
first nine months of 2007 18%. 
3. It serves over 3,200 customers in 30 countries via more than 500 channel partners. 
The acquisition, expected to close late in the fourth quarter of Dell's fiscal year 2008, or early in the first quarter of 
fiscal 2009, is intended to strengthen Dell's product and channel capability in simplifying and virtualizing IT for 
global customers. Dell noted that iSCSI SAN technology is the fastest growing part of the storage business. 
Upon completion of the transaction, Dell plans to grow EqualLogic's channel-partner programs with current and 
future EqualLogic-branded products, and also incorporate EqualLogic technology into future generations of its 
Dell PowerVault storage line, available through the channels and direct from Dell. 
Michael Dell, CEO and Chairman of Dell, was quoted as saying: 
- "Our customers will be dealing with the largest increase in data we have seen in our history over the next few 
years".

Page 20 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
- "Leading the iSCSI revolution will help Dell accelerate IT simplification and virtualisation and will drive the Dell 
value proposition into more areas of the enterprise storage business". 
For further information go to http://www.opticalkeyhole.com 
Document OBSERV0020071106e3b600003

Page 21 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Compellent Issues Statements on Dell Decision to Acquire EqualLogic 
Compellent Issues Statements on Dell Decision to Acquire EqualLogic 
466 words 
5 November 2007 
16:15 
Business Wire 
BWR 
English 
(c) 2007 Business Wire. All Rights Reserved. 
EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. - (BUSINESS WIRE) - Compellent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE Arca: CML) released the 
following statements today regarding the announcement Dell Inc. made that it intends to acquire EqualLogic for 
$1.4 billion. 
Phil Soran, Chairman and CEO of Compellent, said: 
“ Dell’s acquisition of EqualLogic adds further momentum to the market for network storage solutions that support 
iSCSI. We agree with Michael Dell’s statement that our customers will be dealing with the largest increase in 
data we have seen in our history over the next few years. We believe that the simplification and virtualization of 
storage needs to be an essential element of any storage vendors’ market strategy. 
The path to the virtual data center, though, should be lined with storage area network (SAN) products that offer 
simultaneous support for both iSCSI and FC server connections. A flexible approach to connectivity allows 
businesses to optimize their storage resources and select the right technology for each application, rather than 
being forced into a connectivity choice that may not work best for their business.” 
Tony Asaro, senior analyst of Enterprise Strategy Group, said: 
“Our research has found that a large number of end users often want Fibre Channel (FC) and iSCSI within the 
same storage system to get the most out of their storage resources. FC is the dominate storage interconnect and 
will remain so for years to come. iSCSI is rapidly emerging and will continue to do so, and having the versatility of 
supporting both protocols is valuable to end users and the market.” 
Scott Winslow, CEO of Winslow Technology Group, a Compellent partner, said: 
”Today's news validates what Winslow Technology Group has long believed: that it makes complete sense for 
customers to have choice in how they connect their servers to their storage. Yet, now more than ever I’m glad we 
choose to exclusively sell Compellent because of the stability and vision of its leadership team. We always know 
where Compellent stands regarding product and sales strategy and that’s allowed us to just focus on designing 
the right solution for customers." 
Compellent’s leadership team, including Phil Soran, will visit the New York Stock Exchange this Wednesday, Nov. 
7, to celebrate the company’s recent initial public offering, the third-highest performing IPO in 2007, by ringing the 
Opening Bell(SM). 
About Compellent 
Compellent is a leading provider of enterprise-class network storage solutions that are highly scalable, 
feature-rich and designed to be easy to use and cost effective. Compellent Technologies’ principal offices are 
located in Eden Prairie, Minn. For more information, please visit: http://www.compellent.com . 
Document BWR0000020071105e3b5009hw 
Search Summary 
Text Michael Dell AND Compellent Technologies 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2011 
Source All Publications

Page 22 of 22 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Author All Authors 
Company Dell, Inc. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

