Page 1 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMC announces acquisition of Network Intelligence ......................................................................................................2 
EMC to acquire Network Intelligence for $175m, closes acquisition of RSA Security for $2.1bn cash...........................4 
EMC Completes RSA Security Acquisition, Announces Acquisition of Network Intelligence; New Security Division 
Formed to Deliver Information.........................................................................................................................................6 
Threatened with irrelevance, EMC responds with expansion .........................................................................................9 
TALES OF THE TAPE: Security Fears Prompt Tech Co Mergers................................................................................12 
EMC ACQUISITION -- Storage-Security Tango............................................................................................................14 
EMC Chief: Acquisition Will Pay Off..............................................................................................................................15 
RSA: Sale Would Not Change Strategy ........................................................................................................................16 
EMC and RSA to unite in $2.1 billion ceremony ...........................................................................................................18 
EMC buys digital security provider ................................................................................................................................19 
EMC announces definitive agreement to acquire RSA Security, further advancing information-centric security; Market 
leaders in information... .................................................................................................................................................20 
EMC to buy RSA Security for nearly $2.1 billion ...........................................................................................................23 
EMC to buy RSA Security for nearly $2.1 billion ...........................................................................................................25 
EMC Shares Plunge on Word of $2.1B Deal ................................................................................................................27 
UPDATE 3-EMC to buy RSA Security for nearly $2.1 bln.............................................................................................28 
UPDATE: EMC CEO:Buy Aids Transition To Information-Mgmt Co .............................................................................30 
EMC Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire RSA Security, Further Advancing Information-Centric Security; 
Market Leaders in Information.......................................................................................................................................32 
EMC to buy RSA Security for nearly $2.1 billion ...........................................................................................................35 
EMC to buy RSA Security for nearly $2.1 billion ...........................................................................................................37

Page 2 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMC announces acquisition of Network Intelligence 
EMC announces acquisition of Network Intelligence 
871 words 
30 September 2006 
The Asian Banker Interactive 
ASABIN 
English 
(c) 2006 TAB INTERNATIONAL PTE LTD 
EMC Corporation (NYSE:EMC), the leader in information management and storage, has announced it has 
completed the acquisition of Massachusetts-based RSA Security (NASDAQ:RSAS), the leader in protecting and 
managing online identities and digital assets. Under the terms of the definitive agreement announced on June 29, 
2006, EMC paid $28.00 per share in cash in exchange for each outstanding share of RSA and the assumption of 
outstanding options for a total purchase price of approximately $2.1 billion, net of RSA's existing cash balance. 
RSA Security stockholders approved the acquisition on Thursday, September 14, 2006. 
EMC also announced it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Massachusetts-based Network Intelligence 
joins market leaders which will create the new information security division of EMC. The acquisition of Network 
Intelligence is expected to close by the end of business on September 18, 2006. 
Joe Tucci, EMC's Chairman, President and CEO, said, "Information security continues to dominate the spending 
intentions of CIO's around the world. The battlefront in security has quickly shifted from securing the network 
perimeter to protecting and securing the information itself-wherever that information lives and wherever it moves." 
"The additions of RSA and Network Intelligence to the EMC family enables us to execute on our 
information-centric security strategy to help organizations around the world secure their information throughout its 
lifecycle and reduce the associated cost of regulatory compliance." 
EMC's information-centric security strategy comprises five integrated elements that enable organizations to 
systematically and comprehensively secure their information. Those elements help customers assess the risk to 
their information, secure the people who access that information, secure the infrastructure through which that 
access takes place, directly protect the confidentiality and integrity of the information itself, and manage security 
information and events to assure effectiveness and ease the burden of compliance. 
RSA Security adds industry-leading enterprise identity and access management products, consumer identity and 
fraud protection solutions, encryption and key management software and tremendous security knowledge and 
expertise to EMC's expanding, information-centric security product and service portfolio. Network Intelligence 
advances EMC's information-centric security strategy by providing tools that enable companies to collect, monitor, 
analyze and report on security event-related activity throughout the IT infrastructure - in the network, in enterprise 
pplications, on mainframes, on esktops, in storage devices or elsewhere. Solutions from Network Intelligence 
ease the burden of proving compliance with securitypolicy and regulations, which is an enormous cost- and 
time-management issue today. 
Operating under the RSA brand, EMC's security division will be headquartered in Bedford, Massachusetts, and 
led by Art Coviello, the former CEO of RSA Security. Coviello is an Executive Vice President of EMC and the 
President of RSA reporting directly to Tucci. "It's becoming critical that security move beyond a point product 
solution. Customers are in need of security that is built in and broadly distributed within the IT infrastructure to 
protect people, gear and data as a cohesive solution," said Coviello. "EMC now has the resources and expertise 
to give customers seamless and pervasive security that allows them to leverage their information as a valuable 
asset rather than a potential liability." 
EMC also announced the establishment of a $2.2 billion short-term, unsecured credit facility which it is using to 
pay for the RSA acquisition. David Goulden, EMC Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, said, 
"The availability of this credit facility benefits EMC because it enables us to complete the acquisition while 
avoiding the cost of monetizing our short term investments ahead of normal maturity, providing a very efficient 
way for us to utilize the strength of our balance sheet."

Page 3 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Additionally, EMC reaffirmed its commitment to spend at least $3 billion repurchasing EMC shares during 2006. 
"When you consider the opportunity ahead of us, EMC stock at these levels continues to be one of the best 
values in the market, and we will continue to fund our buy back program," added Goulden. 
Immediately following the announcement of EMC's intent to acquire RSA Security, the two companies assembled 
cross-functional teams to develop extensive integration plans designed to maximize business leverage and 
efficiencies. Key areas of integration include: 
Organization - RSA Security becomes the foundation of EMC's new information security division. Under Coviello's 
leadership, the RSA name, brand, products and services will all be maintained. Network Intelligence will become 
a business unit within the new security division. General and administrative functions will be integrated within 
EMC. 
Sales, Service and Distribution - The new security division will have dedicated sales, pre-sales, marketing and 
service resources to achieve its goals and advance its security-related partner initiatives while actively leveraging 
EMC's worldwide field organization to reach more customers. 
Research and Development - The security division will retain dedicated development resources and continue to 
accelerate the delivery of its full portfolio of security solutions while also leading the development and delivery of 
an industry-first common security platform (CSP). EMC's CSP will dramatically accelerate the integration of core 
security services throughout EMC's portfolio of products, providing customers with a common, open baseline of 
built-in security for the information infrastructure. 
Re-disseminated by The Asian Banker 
Document ASABIN0020060929e29u0001d

Page 4 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMC to acquire Network Intelligence for $175m, closes acquisition of RSA Security for $2.1bn cash 
EMC to acquire Network Intelligence for $175m, closes acquisition of RSA Security for $2.1bn cash 
570 words 
22 September 2006 
Optical Networks Daily 
OBSERV 
English 
(c) 2006 Electronics International Disclaimer: Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the 
information contained in this report, neither Electronics International nor its agents or sources can be held 
responsible for any inaccuracy. 
Announced Date: 9/18/2006 EMC has completed the acquisition of Massachusetts-based RSA Security, supplier 
of solutions for protecting and managing online identities and digital assets. 
Under the terms of the definitive agreement announced on June 29, 2006, EMC paid $28.00 per share in cash in 
exchange for each outstanding share of RSA and the assumption of outstanding options for a total purchase price 
of approximately $2.1 billion, net of RSA's existing cash balance. RSA Security stockholders approved the 
acquisition on Thursday, September 14, 2006. 
EMC also announced it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Massachusetts-based Network Intelligence, 
a privately-held provider of security information and event management products, in a cash transaction valued at 
approximately $175 million. The acquisition of Network Intelligence is expected to close on September 18, 2006. 
EMC will combine the operations of RSA and Network Intelligence to create a new information security division. 
Joe Tucci, EMC's chairman, president and CEO, said, "The additions of RSA and Network Intelligence to EMC 
will enable the company to execute on its information-centric security strategy to help organisations to secure 
their information throughout its lifecycle and reduce costs associated with regulatory compliance". 
EMC's information-centric security strategy comprises five integrated elements designed to enable organisations 
to secure their information. The elements help customers assess the risk to their information, secure the people 
that access the information, secure the infrastructure through which access takes place, directly protect the 
confidentiality and integrity of the information itself, and manage security information and events. 
RSA Security adds enterprise identity and access management products, consumer identity and fraud protection 
solutions, encryption and key management software and brings security knowledge and expertise to EMC. 
Network Intelligence provides tools designed to enable companies to collect, monitor, analyse and report on 
security event-related activity throughout the IT infrastructure - in the network, in enterprise applications, on 
mainframes, on desktops, in storage devices or elsewhere. 
Operating under the RSA brand, EMC's security division will be headquartered in Bedford, Massachusetts and 
led by Art Coviello, the former CEO of RSA Security. Coviello is an EVP of EMC and the president of RSA, 
reporting directly to Joe Tucci. 
EMC also announced the establishment of a $2.2 billion short-term, unsecured credit facility that it is using to fund 
the RSA acquisition. In addition, EMC reaffirmed its commitment to spend at least $3 billion repurchasing EMC 
shares during 2006. 
Immediately following the announcement of EMC's intent to acquire RSA Security, the two companies assembled 
cross-functional teams to develop extensive integration plans designed to maximise business leverage and 
efficiencies. Key areas of integration include: 
- Organisation - RSA Security becomes the foundation of EMC's new information security division. Network 
Intelligence will become a business unit within the new security division. General and administrative functions will 
be integrated within EMC. 
- Sales, service and distribution - the new security division will have dedicated sales, pre-sales, marketing and 
service resources, while also utilising EMC's worldwide field organisation.

Page 5 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
- Research and development - the security division will retain dedicated development resources and will seek to 
develop and deliver a common security platform (CSP). EMC's CSP aims to accelerate the integration of core 
security services throughout its portfolio of products. 
For further information go to http://www.opticalkeyhole.com 
Document OBSERV0020060922e29m0000o

Page 6 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMC Completes RSA Security Acquisition, Announces Acquisition of Network Intelligence; New Security Division Formed to Deliver Information... 
EMC Completes RSA Security Acquisition, Announces Acquisition of Network Intelligence; New Security 
Division Formed to Deliver Information-centric Security Solutions and Secure Information Throughout its 
Lifecycle 
1,333 words 
18 September 2006 
08:30 
Business Wire 
BWR 
English 
(c) 2006 Business Wire. All Rights Reserved. 
HOPKINTON, Mass. - (BUSINESS WIRE) - Sept. 18, 2006 - EMC Corporation (NYSE:EMC), the leader in 
information management and storage, today announced it has completed the acquisition of Massachusetts-based 
RSA Security (NASDAQ:RSAS), the leader in protecting and managing online identities and digital assets. Under 
the terms of the definitive agreement announced on June 29, 2006, EMC paid $28.00 per share in cash in 
exchange for each outstanding share of RSA and the assumption of outstanding options for a total purchase price 
of approximately $2.1 billion, net of RSA's existing cash balance. RSA Security stockholders approved the 
acquisition on Thursday, September 14, 2006. 
EMC also announced it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Massachusetts-based Network Intelligence, 
a privately-held leader in the security information and event management market, in a cash transaction valued at 
approximately $175 million. The acquisition of RSA and Network Intelligence joins market leaders which together 
will create the new information security division of EMC. The acquisition of Network Intelligence is expected to 
close by the end of business on September 18, 2006. 
Joe Tucci, EMC's Chairman, President and CEO, said, "Information security continues to dominate the spending 
intentions of CIO's around the world. The battlefront in security has quickly shifted from securing the network 
perimeter to protecting and securing the information itself--wherever that information lives and wherever it 
moves." 
"The additions of RSA and Network Intelligence to the EMC family enable us to execute on our 
information-centric security strategy to help organizations around the world secure their information throughout its 
lifecycle and reduce the associated cost of regulatory compliance." 
EMC's information-centric security strategy comprises five integrated elements that enable organizations to 
systematically and comprehensively secure their information. Those elements help customers assess the risk to 
their information, secure the people who access that information, secure the infrastructure through which that 
access takes place, directly protect the confidentiality and integrity of the information itself, and manage security 
information and events to assure effectiveness and ease the burden of compliance. 
RSA Security adds industry-leading enterprise identity and access management products, consumer identity and 
fraud protection solutions, encryption and key management software and tremendous security knowledge and 
expertise to EMC's expanding, information-centric security product and service portfolio. Network Intelligence 
advances EMC's information-centric security strategy by providing tools that enable companies to collect, monitor, 
analyze and report on security event-related activity throughout the IT infrastructure - in the network, in enterprise 
applications, on mainframes, on desktops, in storage devices or elsewhere. Solutions from Network Intelligence 
ease the burden of proving compliance with security policy and regulations, which is an enormous cost- and 
time-management issue today. 
Operating under the RSA brand, EMC's security division will be headquartered in Bedford, Massachusetts and 
led by Art Coviello, the former CEO of RSA Security. Coviello is an Executive Vice President of EMC and the 
President of RSA, reporting directly to Tucci. "It's becoming critical that security move beyond a point product 
solution. Customers are in need of security that is built in and broadly distributed within the IT infrastructure to 
protect people, gear and data as a cohesive solution," said Coviello. "EMC now has the resources and expertise 
to give customers seamless and pervasive security that allows them to leverage their information as a valuable 
asset rather than a potential liability."

Page 7 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMC also announced the establishment of a $2.2 billion short-term, unsecured credit facility which it is using to 
pay for the RSA acquisition. David Goulden, EMC Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, said, 
"The availability of this credit facility benefits EMC because it enables us to complete the acquisition while 
avoiding the cost of monetizing our short term investments ahead of normal maturity, providing a very efficient 
way for us to utilize the strength of our balance sheet." 
Additionally, EMC reaffirmed its commitment to spend at least $3 billion repurchasing EMC shares during 2006. 
"When you consider the opportunity ahead of us, EMC stock at these levels continues to be one of the best 
values in the market, and we will continue to fund our buy back program," added Goulden. 
Immediately following the announcement of EMC's intent to acquire RSA Security, the two companies assembled 
cross-functional teams to develop extensive integration plans designed to maximize business leverage and 
efficiencies. Key areas of integration include: 
-- Organization - RSA Security becomes the foundation of EMC's new information security division. Under 
Coviello's leadership, the RSA name, brand, products and services will all be maintained. Network Intelligence 
will become a business unit within the new security division. General and administrative functions will be 
integrated within EMC. 
-- Sales, Service and Distribution- The new security division will have dedicated sales, pre-sales, marketing and 
service resources to achieve its goals and advance its security-related partner initiatives while actively leveraging 
EMC's worldwide field organization to reach more customers. 
-- Research and Development- The security division will retain dedicated development resources and continue to 
accelerate the delivery of its full portfolio of security solutions while also leading the development and delivery of 
an industry-first common security platform (CSP). EMC's CSP will dramatically accelerate the integration of core 
security services throughout EMC's portfolio of products, providing customers with a common, open baseline of 
built-in security for the information infrastructure. 
About EMC 
EMC Corporation (NYSE: EMC) is the world leader in products, services, and solutions for information 
management and storage that help organizations extract the maximum value from their information, at the lowest 
total cost, across every point in the information lifecycle. Information about EMC's products and services can be 
found at www.EMC.com . 
About RSA 
RSA, the Security Division of EMC, is the expert in information-centric security, enabling the protection of 
information throughout its lifecycle. RSA enables customers to cost-effectively secure critical information assets 
and online identities wherever they live and at every step of the way, and manage security information and events 
to ease the burden of compliance. 
RSA offers industry-leading solutions in identity assurance and access management, encryption, security 
information management and anti-fraud protection, bringing trust to millions of user identities, the transactions 
that they perform, and the data that is generated. For more information, please visit www.rsa.com and 
www.EMC.com . 
EMC and RSA are registered trademarks of EMC Corporation. All other trademarks are the property of their 
respective owners. 
This release contains "forward-looking statements" as defined under the Federal Securities Laws. Actual results 
could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain risk factors, 
including but not limited to: (i) adverse changes in general economic or market conditions; (ii) delays or reductions 
in information technology spending; (iii) risks associated with acquisitions and investments, including the 
challenges and costs of integration, restructuring and achieving anticipated synergies; (iv) competitive factors, 
including but not limited to pricing pressures and new product introductions; (v) the relative and varying rates of 
product price and component cost declines and the volume and mixture of product and services revenues; (vi) 
component and product quality and availability; (vii) the transition to new products, the uncertainty of customer 
acceptance of new product offerings and rapid technological and market change; (viii) insufficient, excess or 
obsolete inventory; (ix) war or acts of terrorism; (x) the ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees; (xi) 
fluctuating currency exchange rates; and (xii) other one-time events and other important factors disclosed

Page 8 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
previously and from time to time in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EMC and 
RSA disclaim any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this release. 
Document BWR0000020060918e29i002yr

Page 9 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Threatened with irrelevance, EMC responds with expansion 
Threatened with irrelevance, EMC responds with expansion 
By BRIAN BERGSTEIN 
AP Technology Writer 
1,582 words 
23 August 2006 
16:52 
Associated Press Newswires 
APRS 
English 
(c) 2006. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. 
HOPKINTON, Mass. (AP) - Dennis Hoffman has his suit jacket off and a blue marker in hand, ready to sketch his 
view of the massive transformation at EMC Corp. He begins by writing "CIO." 
That would be "chief information officer" -- the executive in many companies who determines how technology 
dollars are spent. But while EMC is well known in tech, it hasn't always had CIOs' ears. 
After all, EMC built its business selling data storage hardware. And for many CIOs, the logistics of archiving files 
on humming disks were easily delegated to storage-specific underlings. 
That worked well enough for EMC when its storage gear was a must-have for many companies. But for years the 
cost of disk space has plummeted, pressuring profits. And with technology becoming increasingly complex, many 
CIOs are consolidating their vendors to give them "fewer throats to choke," in the words of Hoffman, EMC's vice 
president for information security. 
These factors threatened to squeeze EMC into irrelevance. And so EMC has responded by expanding. It has 
spent $7 billion buying companies and assets in the past three years, topped by this summer's $2.1 billion deal for 
RSA Security Inc. 
Instead of just providing machines to store business data, the new EMC hopes to secure files from prying eyes, 
funnel information into Internet applications and track records for regulatory compliance. It wants to scout for 
problems throughout networks and automate fixes. 
"The biggest obstacle we face is what we spent the whole decade of the '90s doing -- that EMC is the storage 
company," said CEO Joe Tucci. "We have to get customers to view us, as we're calling it now, as an information 
infrastructure company." 
But EMC isn't just fighting perceptions. By seeking to be a more intimate (and better-paid) adviser to CIOs, EMC 
is picking a fight with powerful competitors. 
Notably, IBM Corp. and Hewlett-Packard Co. have much bigger staffs of consultants and longer histories of 
serving as throats for CIOs to choke. IBM and HP are also leading storage vendors, plus they offer servers and 
other key parts of business systems. EMC relies on partnerships, including one with Dell Inc., to help customers 
get servers. 
That difference is huge to customers like Dr. Fred Clark, CIO for the Medical University of South Carolina. 
When the center recently adopted new health care software, Clark decided to run it on IBM servers and replace 
EMC storage with IBM machines. Clark believes using only IBM systems will ensure better performance. He also 
likes having just one call to make in case of trouble. 
"If you have a single vendor, you have more leverage with them," Clark said. "If they're not performing, we don't 
pay them, and it doesn't take them long to pick up the phone and say, `What's going on?'" 
Meanwhile, rivals such as Oracle Corp. and Microsoft Corp. are using their software -- already deeply ingrained in 
corporations -- as a sturdy basis from which to reach some of the same fields EMC is targeting, such as 
document management.

Page 10 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMC also has to stay ahead of nibbling competitors in data storage who claim that EMC's expansion is making it 
lose focus. 
"It's going to be interesting to see how successful EMC actually is," said analyst Rich Ptak of Ptak, Noel & 
Associates. "They're faced with the dilemma of moving into a whole new space without losing their core market. 
They can and will be able to capture a piece of it, but whether or not they're going to move up to the top tier ... is 
still an open question." 
EMC has already taken huge steps. It now gets more revenue from software and services than from hardware. 
Thanks largely to its $1.7 billion acquisition of Documentum Inc. in 2003, it leads a hot software field known as 
"enterprise content management," in which disparate documents are brought together for business applications. 
"I think they come to the table today with a much better story, a holistic solution," said James Hull, head of 
engineering services at MasterCard Inc., a large EMC customer. 
Analysts say EMC has done well at swallowing its many acquisitions, one of the thorniest tasks in technology. 
Notably, top executives from several companies bought by EMC have stayed aboard rather than using their 
newfound wealth to move on. 
That might reflect EMC's strategy of trying not to overly mess with the operations of acquired companies. Joseph 
Walton, who oversees integration, describes it as "protecting the acquired company from EMC." 
"They're not coming in telling us how it's going to be," said RSA chief Art Coviello. 
The downside can be that, at least at first, many EMC customers find themselves called on by multiple sales 
people. EMC has moved toward a system in which large customers get a single point of contact. But every new 
acquisition reshuffles the process. 
It is perhaps because of this flux that EMC still struggles to spread the word about where it's headed. 
"We have major relevancy that's just not understood," said Mark Lewis, EMC's chief development officer. "It's a 
cultural change on the outside." 
Yet this change might be nothing compared to one EMC survived a few years ago. 
Founded in 1979, EMC was part of a seminal shift in computing. Previously, centralized mainframes handled 
most computing tasks, including storing information. The new era was largely about gaining efficiencies from 
distributing those resources -- first with the rise of flexible servers and then with external data storage machines. 
In the 1990s, EMC's top-of-the-line storage devices helped many companies that were moving onto the Web and 
generating copious digital records. EMC was the decade's best performer on the New York Stock Exchange. 
Then the tech bubble burst, wiping out many customers or their capital. Competitors such as Compaq Computer 
Corp. grabbed market share with lower-priced storage systems. In just two years, EMC's revenue cratered from 
$8.9 billion to $5.4 billion. The stock crashed from $100 to $4. One-fourth of the employees had to go. 
Suddenly a company with a reputation for arrogance faced humbling questions. Tucci, who had turned around a 
bankrupt Wang Global in the '90s, found himself with another rebound project after he became EMC's CEO in 
2001. 
Now, revenue is nearing $11 billion. The stock has spent the past 52 weeks between $9 and $15, and the work 
force is 28,000, above the dot-com era peak of 24,000. 
Some executives credit EMC's hard-charging environment, where a significant chunk of compensation is 
determined by whether employees meet specific goals set by managers. "EMC people work like their hair's on 
fire," Hoffman said. 
EMC expanded its share of the $16 billion external-disk storage market to 27.3 percent last year, a rise of 1.6 
percentage points, according to IDC. That increase equaled the gains posted by HP and IBM combined; HP held 
18.5 percent and IBM had 13.7 percent. 
But competitors say EMC, perhaps distracted by its overhaul, is leaving them openings. EMC admitted that 
execution issues this spring left it unable to meet some orders for a new storage system.

Page 11 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
IBM and other rivals also cite a concept known as "virtualization." Among other things, it lets network 
administrators maximize the efficiency of their storage setups. 
This would figure to be a natural for EMC, given its storage expertise and its $635 million acquisition of VMWare 
Inc., a leader in virtualizing the operation of servers. 
But EMC was late getting a major storage virtualization product, Invista, off the ground. Executives say EMC was 
careful in developing Invista rather than rushing it into a young market. 
"You put all the (industry's) virtualization revenues in a thimble, you'd have plenty of room for your thumb," Tucci 
said. 
However, even reasonably explained delays may lead to perceptions that EMC can't afford. 
"The larger vendors, all included, they're slow to innovate in some of these things," said Toby Ford, chief technical 
officer of USinternetworking Inc., which has EMC storage but recently bought a virtualized system from 3Pardata 
Inc., a private vendor backed by Oracle, Symantec Corp. and Sun Microsystems Inc. 
One large EMC customer, Steve McCaa, principal technical architect at legal records analyzer Kroll Ontrack Inc., 
says that if Invista's ongoing development achieves its goals, it should outperform existing virtualization 
techniques. 
Still, he added: "I think Invista development has been a little slower than I would like to have seen." He's not sure 
whether to blame EMC's perfectionism or the company's transformation. 
"I do have a fear that as they try to expand that information focus they're going to lose some of the engineering 
prowess they've shown in the storage environment," McCaa said. 
EMC executives say they're not finished mapping the future, and seem to have some flexibility. The company has 
no debt. Even with its acquisition spree it has had enough cash to be a big buyer of its own stock -- to the tune of 
$1 billion last year and $3 billion this year. 
"If you look at the tools they have, they're pretty far along," said analyst Jasmine Noel at Ptak, Noel. "What they 
haven't done yet is put the wrapper on it." 
9 | 20060828T080000Z | adv28 
Document APRS000020060823e28n002oz

Page 12 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
TALES OF THE TAPE: Security Fears Prompt Tech Co Mergers 
TALES OF THE TAPE: Security Fears Prompt Tech Co Mergers 
By Riva Richmond 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
1,190 words 
11 July 2006 
14:00 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(c) 2006 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--EMC Corp.'s (EMC) pricey acquisition of RSA Security Inc. (RSAS) is evidence that 
the anxiety induced by a barrage of recent high-profile data-security breaches is driving a major shift in the 
technology industry - one not fully appreciated by Wall Street. 
Breach-notification laws now in force in some 23 states have spawned a steady stream of disturbing news reports 
over the last two years about hacker break-ins, inside jobs, and lost laptops and backup tapes exposing reams of 
sensitive information about companies and consumers alike. Since the watershed ChoicePoint Inc. (CPS) case of 
February 2005, when information about 145,000 customers may have been handed over to thieves, organizations 
have revealed that some 89 million consumer records may have been exposed in 236 incidents, according to a 
tally by the advocacy group Privacy Rights Clearinghouse. 
Fears of embarrassing break-ins, as well as increasing pressure for better security from government regulators 
and business partners, are pushing organizations to beef up their computer defenses and creating demand for 
better data-security tools. And that demand appears to be driving a new wave of information-industry 
consolidation, as large providers of data storage and backup systems seek ways to bring security functions into 
their offerings. 
On June 29, storage giant EMC said it would pay about $2.3 billion to acquire RSA Security. EMC Chief 
Executive Joe Tucci said gaining RSA's technologies for encrypting data and ensuring only authorized people 
can access sensitive information was vital to EMC's future success in the marketplace. Such tools, Tucci said, 
would allow EMC to respond to customer demand that it transform itself from "the place where information lives" 
to the place where it "lives securely." 
EMC's stock fell 8.5% on the news, hitting a 52-week low of $10.11 on June 30, as some investors questioned the 
deal's strategic rationale and its high price tag. The stock has recovered somewhat, trading recently at $10.50. 
Shares were trading at $11.25 before the acquisition announcement. 
EMC's deal with RSA, however, seemed to validate another large acquisition that was considerably more 
unpopular on Wall Street: Symantec Corp.'s (SYMC) giant $10.25 billion purchase of Veritas Software a year ago. 
Symantec said the ambitious merger would allow it to better meet customers' needs with systems that combined 
its security prowess with Veritas' data-backup and storage strengths. Symantec's stock, which was trading 
recently at $14.90, has fallen about 50% since the plan to buy Veritas came to light in December 2004, as 
investors debated the deal's strategic wisdom and fretted about a big, risky integration. 
But when it comes to assessing strategy, "Wall Street is a step behind," says Jerry Silva, an analyst at research 
firm Tower Group, which advises financial-services companies on technology matters. "If you're an operations 
person at an institution [that buys information products], you understand where those mergers are coming from," 
he says. "There is this connection between data and security we haven't sorted out yet, but the connection is 
there." 
At the heart of the matter are new challenges posed by the boom in digital data, Internet use and mobile devices 
at corporations and among consumers made possible by the remarkable technological advances of the last 
decade. Because these data are so valuable and reside on networks that can be - and are - compromised by 
hackers and unscrupulous employees, a sizable criminal enterprise has also sprung up. Corporate technology 
professionals, who must now do battle daily with cyber thieves, are growing increasingly frustrated with costly -

Page 13 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
and complex - bolted-on security products. They are crying out for simpler defenses that are built in to their 
information infrastructures. 
Technology companies have rushed to respond. The same forces behind the EMC-RSA and Symantec-Veritas 
mergers also pushed Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) into the security arena. And they led network-equipment makers 
like Cisco Systems Inc. (CSCO) and Juniper Networks Inc. (JNPR) to acquire security technologies they could 
integrate into network infrastructures. Even personal-computer makers have been adding fingerprint readers and 
other security technologies to their machines. 
"As an industry, we've never been able to respond to a threat as quickly," says Silva of Towers Group. 
The rush to meld storage and security is music to the ears of John Halamka, chief information officer of 
Boston-based CareGroup Healthcare System and a large EMC customer. 
His 300-person staff is responsible for a system that supports 3,000 doctors and 9,000 other employees in 
eastern Massachusetts and holds and protects nine million medical records. Today's technology means that 
decisions about who can see what data are enforced by software applications. Since CareGroup runs 146 critical 
applications, that means it has 146 different security systems. "Imagine if it was only one [security system], sitting 
in the storage," Halamka says. Not only would security be less of a headache, but adherence to security policies 
would be easier and protection could happen closer to the data itself, where it is more effective, he says. 
EMC and RSA want to make this vision a reality. They plan to build in access controls that will secure sensitive 
data, whether the information is in motion or at rest in storage systems. EMC and RSA are already developing a 
common security platform for their products, says Dennis Hoffman, EMC's vice president for information security. 
Down the road, the combined company also hopes to leverage RSA's growth engine - its newer business, based 
on its Cyota acquisition, of helping companies authenticate consumer users and detect fraudulent activity - into a 
full-fledged consumer business, RSA Chief Executive Art Coviello says. "There will be lots and lots of data that 
will accumulate on people's computers," he explains. "Protecting access to that information will become an 
important part of our long-term strategy." 
EMC and RSA will likely tussle with Symantec in the race for this converging market. Since the "Code Red" worm 
outbreak shook the security industry in 2003, Symantec has been pursuing a vision that information security, 
backup, storage and management must all go hand in hand. 
Symantec declined to comment on its acquisition plans or whether it bid for RSA. But Symantec, which has 
steadily made acquisitions to fulfill its vision, may well try to buy an RSA competitor. 
Symantec "has to realize that if they're backing up data that's not encrypted, the customer still has an area of 
exposure we'd like to get rid of," says Robert Graham, chief information officer at Farmers and Merchants Bank of 
Long Beach, Calif., a Symantec customer who has been a fan of its merger with Veritas. "If you look at the future 
and where everything's going, these things make sense to combine together," Graham said. 
(Riva Richmond covers Internet companies and computer-security software makers for Dow Jones Newswires.) 
-By Riva Richmond, Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-5670; riva.richmond@dowjones.com [ 07-11-06 1400ET ] 
70769 
Document DJ00000020060711e27b000bj

Page 14 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMC ACQUISITION -- Storage-Security Tango 
News Filter 
EMC ACQUISITION -- Storage-Security Tango 
Darrell Dunn 
173 words 
3 July 2006 
InformationWeek 
IWK 
17 
1096 
English 
Copyright (c) 2006 CMP Media LLC 
Symantec raised eyebrows when it bought storage vendor Veritas last year, and now EMC plans to acquire RSA 
Security for about $2.1 billion. The marriage of storage systems and security technologies could be a strong union 
after all. 
Under CEO Joe Tucci, EMC has been on a quest to expand beyond storage hardware in recent years. It has 
used acquisitions to move into content, information life-cycle, and business-process management. In the past two 
months, it has acquired several smaller companies, including ProActivity, which makes software for analyzing and 
managing data. EMC sees data security tools from RSA as a logical addition to a strategy for information 
life-cycle management. Information security "has become an inseparable attribute of information management," 
Tucci said in a statement. EMC will make RSA its information security division if the deal closes as expected this 
fall. 
Then, like Symantec, EMC needs to prove it can make these acquired pieces work together for its customers. 
http://informationweek.com/ 
Document IWK0000020060703e2730000a

Page 15 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMC Chief: Acquisition Will Pay Off 
Plugged In 
EMC Chief: Acquisition Will Pay Off 
By Mark Veverka 
503 words 
3 July 2006 
Barron's 
B
31 
English 
(c) 2006 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
EMC CEO Joe Tucci tells it like it is. He's refreshingly candid. In fact, Tucci is so open sometimes that it drives 
his PR folks crazy. And when he says that his interests are aligned with his shareholders' -- especially regarding 
his recent decision to buy RSA Security for about $2.1 billion, or a hefty five times RSA's 2007 sales estimates -- 
the facts bear him out. 
Earlier this year, Tucci and his top managers unveiled a three-year compensation plan directly pegged to 
earnings-per-share growth. "If I wanted to collect the $21 million or whatever it is, I could have just sat back and 
bought back" more shares than are included in the company's current buyback plan and boosted earnings that 
way, Tucci said in a telephone interview. "But that's not what I'm here to do." 
Instead, he spent big to win a bidding war for a top-tier player in what many corporate-technology buyers deem 
Job 1: network security. Thursday, Tucci defended EMC's (ticker: EMC) planned buyout of RSA (RSAS) -- a 
network-security outfit that makes access tokens -- after being grilled by financial analysts over the acquisition. 
"This was a competitive situation. You have to pay up for No. 1," the CEO from Brooklyn said on the call. "This 
company and this space is incredibly hot." The deal will shave about three cents from 2007 earnings, but should 
begin adding to profits in '08. Symantec (SYMC) was the other bidder. 
Analysts also questioned whether the business directly relates to EMC's core data-storage business and software 
units, including virtualization star VMware. Tucci replies that, when it comes to security, "customers are going 
beyond asking for this. They are demanding this." 
Tucci thinks the RSA deal will bring more than just profits from cost savings, arguing that the EMC sales force will 
be able to grow RSA's top line. His track record on acquisitions is impressive, with the buyout of once-troubled 
storage software maker Legato an exception. Problems in Asia with that business dogged EMC last quarter. 
Tucci pledges that the core storage business will grow at a rate in the "teens" -- no easy task, as arch-rival 
Network Appliance (NTAP) moves up the product ladder and a re-energized Hewlett-Packard (HPQ) keeps 
sharpening its game. IBM (IBM) certainly hasn't let up, either. 
The short-term earnings hit from the RSA deal could put more pressure on EMC stock, which at Thursday's close 
of 11.25, was 24% off its 52-week high. Nobody is more unhappy about that than Tucci. But he thinks the 
acquisition ultimately will pay off nicely for the company and its investors. Says Tucci: "You have to play this 
game right, and I'm playing this game as a shareholder." 
--- 
For Barron's subscription information call 1-888-BARRONS ext. 685 or inquire online at 
http://www.barronsmag.com/subscription/subscription.html . 
Document B000000020060701e27300008

Page 16 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
RSA: Sale Would Not Change Strategy 
Technology 
RSA: Sale Would Not Change Strategy 
By Daniel Wolfe 
506 words 
3 July 2006 
American Banker 
AMB 
19 
Vol. 171, No. 126 
English 
(c) 2006 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. 
WASHINGTON -- RSA Security Inc. says its consumer online banking security business would not be changed 
after the vendor sells itself to the data storage company EMC Corp. 
"RSA will continue to build and invest in this business, as both companies believe that the protection of online 
consumers' identity is a burgeoning business that is just beginning to take off," said Art Coviello, RSA's president 
and chief executive, said in a presentation to analysts after the deal was announced. 
John Worrall, RSA's senior vice president of marketing, said in an interview Friday that RSA would retain its 
brand and Mr. Coviello would remain in charge of it. Chris Young, a senior vice president and general manager, 
would remain in charge of its consumer division. 
EMC has told RSA that "there are no plans whatsoever to change our focus on the consumer segment," Mr. 
Worrall said. "EMC has a very large customer set in financial services." 
After the market closed Thursday, EMC said it would buy RSA for $28 a share, or $2.1 billion. The seller's stock 
RSA closed Thursday at $22.88 a share but surged 18.4% Friday to close at $27.10. 
The acquisition is expected to close late this quarter or early next quarter. 
RSA's initial approach to securing consumers online was to sell banks passcode-generating tokens similar to 
those used on corporate networks. A few U.S. financial services companies, like E-Trade Financial Corp., bought 
the tokens for consumer use, but many were more interested in using software to protect most of their online 
consumers. 
In October the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council mandated that banks start using Web 
authentication stronger than a password by the end of 2006. RSA beefed up its offerings by buying two security 
software developers: Cyota Inc. in December and PassMark Security Inc. in April. 
Cyota's customers included JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Washington Mutual Inc.; PassMark's included Bank of 
America Corp. 
Joe Tucci, EMC's chairman, president, and chief executive, said RSA's customers should not worry that this plan 
would change its focus. He said he hopes to use RSA's technology to improve his company's data storage 
products. 
Avivah Litan, a vice president and research director at the Stamford, Conn., market research company Gartner 
Inc., said the deal is "pretty bad news for consumer authentication," because EMC's focus is corporate networks. 
Even without the EMC deal, RSA is facing trouble, she said. She recently spoke to some Cyota product users 
who said the quality of Cyota's customer service dropped after RSA bought it. 
Since Cyota caters to some large banking companies, "these are the kinds of clients you don't want to lose." Mr. 
Worrall said he was not directly involved with Cyota's service, but "if it needs attention, we'll give it attention." 
(c) 2006 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. http://www.americanbanker.com 
http://www.sourcemedia.com

Page 17 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Document AMB0000020060703e2730000l

Page 18 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMC and RSA to unite in $2.1 billion ceremony 
EMC and RSA to unite in $2.1 billion ceremony 
By Tim McElligott 
592 words 
30 June 2006 
Prism Insight 
NSGHT 
Online Exclusive - Telephony 
English 
© 2006 Prism Business Media Inc. All rights reserved. 
Information management and information security will become the single entity they need to be for EMC as it 
announced this week its $2.1 billion plan to acquire RSA Security. EMC and RSA are the market leaders in their 
respective areas. EMC leads in information management and storage and RSA is a major provider of identity and 
access management solutions. RSA also does encryption and key management and anti-fraud protection. These 
capabilities will enhance EMC's expanding, information-centric security portfolio. Upon completion of the 
acquisition, RSA will operate as EMC's Information Security Division, headquartered in Bedford, Mass. Art 
Coviello, currently president and CEO of RSA, will become an executive vice president of EMC and president of 
the new division. “Information security is a top priority among executives around the world, and it has become an 
inseparable attribute of information management. 
Businesses can't secure what they don't manage,” said Joe Tucci, chairman, president and CEO of EMC. RSA's 
focus has been to ensure the authenticity and protection of an enterprise’s people, information and transactions, 
whether those entities reside within the enterprise, are remote or transient. Tucci said EMC is committed to 
applying the resources required to continue to expand RSA's leading market share while integrating its 
technology with his company’s products. The information security aspect of the RSA acquisition represents the 
fifth pearl on Tucci’s “string of pearls” strategy, which he has pursued over the last few years, largely through 
acquisition. The others include; a VMware infrastructure (acquired in January 2004 for about $635 million); 
content management, using Documentum (acquired in late 2003 for approximately $1.7 billion) and Captiva 
(acquired in late 2005 for $275 million) as a foundation; resource management with Smarts (acquired in 1Q05 for 
$260 million) and the SRM control center as a foundation; and storage virtualization with Invista (an internally 
developed storage router) and Rainfinity (acquired August 2005 for under $100 million) as its base. Regarding the 
fifth pearl of information security, Tucci said, “We had a small amount of revenue in that space and now…you can 
see how with RSA Security joining the EMC family, we will have an opportunity to grow that.” Tucci said that on a 
pro forma basis he expects the new business to start out in 2007 at a $500 million run rate, which is the goal for 
all five businesses. Also driving this acquisition are market dynamics such as information security being the top 
concern among CIOs, a 75% instance among U.S. companies of data loss due to security breeches and the 
increasing regulatory requirements such as Sarbanes-Oxley. EMC's four-part solution to information-centric 
security is designed to secure information throughout its lifecycle. It assesses the security of information, secures 
the information infrastructure, protects sensitive information and manages security information and events. RSA's 
encryption and key management technology will be central to EMC's strategy to directly protect information. 
“Security must be an integral part of the information infrastructure,” Coviello said. “[This] will accelerate the 
integration of security into the information infrastructure." Tucci said EMC is where information lives and 
tomorrow you will see it is where information lives securely. “We fundamentally and deeply believe that the 
technology company that seamlessly integrates information storage with information management with 
information protection with information security and centrally manages and orchestrates their information 
infrastructure will be a huge winner in the technology market place,” he said. 
Document NSGHT00020060630e26u000af

Page 19 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMC buys digital security provider 
EMC buys digital security provider 
Doug Beizer, Staff Writer 
252 words 
30 June 2006 
Newsbytes News Network 
NBYT 
English 
(c) 2006 Newsbytes News Network 
United States, 2006 Jun 30 (NB). EMC Corp. will acquire RSA Security Inc., a provider of technology for 
protecting and managing identities and digital assets, for about $2.1 billion in cash. 
Through the acquisition EMC will be able to offer better security to its customers. 
“Bringing RSA into the fold provides EMC with industry-leading identity and access management technologies 
and best-in-class encryption and key management software to help EMC deliver information lifecycle 
management securely,” said Joe Tucci, EMC’s chairman, president and CEO. 
EMC of Hopkinton, Mass., has about 22,700 employees and ranks No. 61 on Washington Technology’s 2006 Top 
100 list of the largest federal IT contractors. 
Recently General Dynamics Corp. C4 Systems unit implemented EMC Smarts as a core piece of its broadband 
enterprise network communications system for the Army. General Dynamics uses EMC Smarts automated 
analysis and impact assessment engine to ensure availability of the high-speed, mobile WIN-T communications 
system. 
RSA of Bedford, Mass., manufactures several management and authentication products, such as its USB 
Authenticator 6100 device. It combines a portable plug-and-play USB device with secure storage of digital 
credentials on a standards-based Java platform. With RSA SecurID Passage software, the devices offer a 
tamper-resistant, user-authentication solution for to securely store multiple certificates, key sets, finger-based 
biometric templates, usernames and passwords and RSA SecurID software token seed records. 
Reported By Washington Technology, http://www.washingtontechnology.com 
Document NBYT000020060630e26u000dx

Page 20 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMC announces definitive agreement to acquire RSA Security, further advancing information-centric security; Market leaders in information... 
EMC announces definitive agreement to acquire RSA Security, further advancing information-centric 
security; Market leaders in information management and information security join to help organisations 
secure information throughout its lifecycle 
2,078 words 
30 June 2006 
M2 Presswire 
MTPW 
English 
(c) 2006 M2 Communications, Ltd. All Rights Reserved. 
HOPKINTON and BEDFORD, Mass - EMC Corporation (NYSE:EMC), the leader in information management and 
storage, and RSA Security Inc. (NASDAQ:RSAS), the leader in protecting and managing identities and digital 
assets, have announced a definitive agreement for EMC to acquire RSA. Under the terms of the agreement, 
EMC will pay $28.00 per share in cash in exchange for each share of RSA and the assumption of outstanding 
options, for an aggregate purchase price of slightly less than $2.1 billion, net of RSA's existing cash balance. 
EMC's acquisition of RSA brings together two market leaders with a shared vision for helping organisations of all 
sizes securely manage their information throughout its lifecycle. 
The acquisition adds industry-leading identity and access management solutions and encryption and key 
management software to EMC's expanding, information-centric security portfolio. The acquisition is expected to 
be completed late in the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter of 2006, subject to customary closing 
conditions and regulatory approvals. 
Joe Tucci, EMC's chairman, president and CEO, said: "Information security is a top priority among executives 
around the world, and it has become an inseparable attribute of information management. Businesses can't 
secure what they don't manage, and when it comes to securing information, that means simply two things - 
managing the data and managing access to the data. EMC is the leading provider of information management 
solutions. Bringing RSA into the fold provides EMC with industry-leading identity and access management 
technologies and best-in-class encryption and key management software to help EMC deliver information 
lifecycle management securely." 
RSA provides technologies to secure information no matter where it resides or travels inside or outside of an 
organisation and throughout its lifecycle. With industry-leading authentication, access control, and encryption 
solutions, RSA helps organisations of all sizes ensure the authenticity and protection of people, information and 
transactions. 
Tucci continued: "This acquisition signals a fundamental change in the landscape of the security market. EMC is 
100% committed to applying the resources required to continue to expand RSA's leading market share while 
also tightly integrating their technology with EMC's products to bring customers the best information-centric 
security portfolio available." 
According to recent surveys conducted by industry and financial analyst firms, information security is the number 
one priority among CIOs. Meanwhile, 75% of U.S. companies suffer data loss each year. With high profile 
data breaches garnering national coverage and pressure to meet regulatory compliance, the combination of 
RSA's security offerings and EMC's information management and storage solutions uniquely addresses the 
market's rapidly growing need for information-centric security. 
EMC's information-centric security strategy implements an integrated, four-part solution that secures information 
throughout its lifecycle. The strategy helps customers assess the security of their information, secure their 
information infrastructure, directly protect their sensitive information, and manage security information and events 
to assure effectiveness and ease the burdens of compliance. The integration of RSA's authentication and 
access management capabilities will build on EMC's foundation of inherently secure products and processes. 
RSA's encryption and key management technology will be central to EMC's strategy to directly protect the 
information no matter where it resides within or outside of an organization. 
Art Coviello, RSA CEO and president, said: "Information security threats are evolving from attacks on the network 
and the perimeter to attacks on the data itself. These attacks are designed to obtain information, intellectual

Page 21 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
property and other information that can be exploited for criminal gain. For this reason, security must be an 
integral part of the information infrastructure, transparently allowing authorised users to easily get access to 
information. The combination of RSA's leading security technology coupled with EMC's best-in-class 
information infrastructure and financial resources will accelerate the integration of security into the information 
infrastructure." 
On a GAAP basis, EMC currently expects the acquisition of RSA will be dilutive by $.03 per diluted share in 2007 
and will not have a material impact on diluted earnings per share in 2008. On a non-GAAP basis, which 
excludes the impact of intangible amortization and stock option expense, EMC currently expects the acquisition 
will not have a material impact on diluted earnings per share in 2007 and will be accretive to earnings by $.03 per 
diluted share in 2008. 
Upon completion of the acquisition, RSA will operate as EMC's Information Security Division, headquartered in 
Bedford, Mass. Art Coviello will become an Executive Vice President of EMC and President of the division. 
About EMC 
EMC Corporation (NYSE: EMC) is the world leader in products, services and solutions for information 
management and storage that help organizations extract the maximum value from their information, at the lowest 
total cost, across every point in the information lifecycle. Information about EMC's products and services can be 
found at www.EMC.com . 
About RSA 
RSA Security Inc. is the expert in protecting online identities and digital assets. The inventor of core security 
technologies for the Internet, the Company leads the way in strong authentication, encryption and anti-fraud 
protection, bringing trust to millions of user identities and the transactions that they perform. RSA Security's 
portfolio of award-winning identity & access management solutions helps businesses to establish who's who 
online - and what they can do. For more information, please visit www.rsasecurity.com . 
This release contains "forward-looking statements", including forward-looking statements under the Federal 
Securities Laws. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a 
result of certain risk factors, including but not limited to: (i) risks associated with acquisitions and investments, 
including the challenges and costs of closing, integration, restructuring and achieving anticipated synergies 
associated with the acquisition; (ii) adverse changes in general economic or market conditions; (iii) delays or 
reductions in information technology spending; (iv) competitive factors, including but not limited to pricing 
pressures and new product introductions; (v) the relative and varying rates of product price and component cost 
declines and the volume and mixture of product and services revenues; (vi) component and product quality and 
availability; (vii) the transition to new products, the uncertainty of customer acceptance of new product offerings 
and rapid technological and market change; (viii) insufficient, excess or obsolete inventory; (ix) war or acts of 
terrorism; (x) the ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees; (xi) fluctuating currency exchange rates; 
and (xii) other one-time events and other important factors disclosed previously and from time to time in EMC's 
and RSA's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EMC and RSA disclaim any obligation to 
update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this release. 
This release contains non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures, which are used as 
measures of EMC's performance, should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or superior to, 
measures of EMC's financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these 
non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP is provided in the text of this release. EMC's non-GAAP measures may 
be defined differently than similar terms used by other companies, and accordingly, care should be exercised in 
understanding how EMC defines its non-GAAP financial measures. 
Specifically, intangible amortization and stock option expense is excluded from each non-GAAP financial 
measure in this release. Management views these items as non-cash expenses that are reported internally as 
corporate expenses. For purposes of its internal budgets and each reporting segment's financial goals, EMC's 
management uses financial statements that do not include such items. 
EMC's management uses these non-GAAP financial measures to gain an understanding of EMC's comparative 
operating performance (when comparing such results with previous periods or forecasts) and future prospects. 
These non-GAAP financial measures are also used by EMC's management in their financial and operating 
decision-making because management believes they reflect the underlying economics of EMC's ongoing 
business in a manner that allows meaningful period-to-period comparisons. Such comparisons may be more 
meaningful because operating results presented under GAAP may include, from time to time, items that are not

Page 22 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
necessarily relevant to understand EMC's business and may, in some cases, be difficult to forecast accurately for 
future periods. EMC's management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information 
to investors and others in understanding and evaluating EMC's current operating performance and future 
prospects in the same manner as management does if they so choose. These non-GAAP financial measures 
have limitations, however, because they do not include all items of income and expense that affect EMC's 
operations. One material limitation of a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes intangible amortization and 
stock option expense is that it does not reflect any benefit that such items may confer on EMC. Management 
compensates for this and other limitations by also considering EMC's financial results as determined in 
accordance with GAAP. 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC 
RSA plans to file with the SEC and mail to its stockholders a Proxy Statement in connection with the 
transaction. The Proxy Statement will contain important information about EMC, RSA, the merger and related 
matters. Investors and security holders are urged to read the Proxy Statement carefully when it is available. 
Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the Proxy Statement and other documents filed 
with the SEC by EMC and RSA through the web site maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov . Free copies of the 
proxy statement, when available, and each company's other filings with the SEC also may be obtained from the 
respective companies. Free copies of EMC's filings may be obtained by directing a request to EMC. You can 
request this information via the web at www.EMC.com/IR/request or by sending a written request to EMC Investor 
Relations, EMC Corporation, 176 South Street, Hopkinton, MA 01748. Free copies of RSA's filings may be 
obtained by directing a request to Investor Relations at 781-515-6065. In addition, investors and security holders 
may access copies of the documents filed with the SEC by EMC on EMC's website at www.EMC.com , and 
investors and security holders may access copies of the documents filed with the SEC by RSA on RSA's website 
at www.RSA.com , when they become available. 
RSA, and its directors and executive officers, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from 
RSA's stockholders with respect to the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. Information 
regarding RSA's directors and executive officers is contained in RSA's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year 
ended December 31, 2005 and its proxy statement dated May 3, 2006 for its 2006 Annual Meeting of 
Stockholders, which are filed with the SEC. As of February28, 2006, RSA's directors and executive officers 
beneficially owned (as calculated in accordance with SEC Rule 13d-3) approximately 3,225,265 shares, or 4.3%, 
of RSA's common stock. You can obtain free copies of these documents from RSA using the contact information 
set forth above. Additional information regarding interests of such participants will be included in the Proxy 
Statement that will be filed with the SEC and available free of charge as indicated above. 
In addition, in connection with the execution of the merger agreement, RSA adopted a deal retention and bonus 
program for the benefit of various individuals, including executive officers of RSA. Under this program, Art 
Coviello, RSA's President and CEO, and Charles Kane, RSA SVP and CFO will be entitled to payments of up to 
$2,250,000 and $540,000 respectively. A more complete description will be available in the Proxy Statement. 
M2 Communications Ltd disclaims all liability for information provided within M2 PressWIRE. Data prepared by 
named party/parties. Further information on M2 PressWIRE can be obtained at http://www.presswire.net on the 
world wide web. Inquiries to info@m2.com. 
Document MTPW000020060630e26u001gu

Page 23 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMC to buy RSA Security for nearly $2.1 billion 
EMC to buy RSA Security for nearly $2.1 billion 
By MARK JEWELL 
AP Business Writer 
680 words 
30 June 2006 
10:58 
Associated Press Newswires 
APRS 
English 
(c) 2006. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. 
BOSTON (AP) - Data storage provider EMC Corp. is buying RSA Security Inc. for nearly $2.1 billion, paying a 
hefty premium to overcome bidding rivals who also were eager to snap up RSA's encryption software and 
computer authentication products. 
EMC said after markets closed Thursday that it will pay $28 for each share of Bedford-based RSA Security, a 22 
percent premium above the $22.88 price at which RSA's shares closed. 
RSA's shares rose 18 percent Thursday after the company confirmed it was in buyout talks, and the stock gained 
another $4.41, or 19 percent, on Friday morning on the Nasdaq, where the stock was trading at $27.29, its 
highest level since 2001. Meanwhile, investors on Friday morning sent shares of EMC down 94 cents, or 8.4 
percent, to $10.31 -- the stock's lowest level since September 2004. 
EMC's top executive, Joe Tucci, told analysts in a conference call Thursday that "a very competitive situation" 
emerged after RSA recently sought out prospective buyers interested in expanding their information security 
offerings. 
In response to an analyst's question why EMC chose to buy RSA at a big premium rather than form partnerships 
with it, Tucci said, "RSA wasn't going to be around" and would be quickly snapped up by a rival. 
Several analysts questioned whether EMC was paying too high a price for RSA -- the company's biggest-ever 
acquisition -- and whether EMC might realize better returns by stepping up an existing program to buy back 
shares of its long-stagnant stock. 
Tucci said the deal will yield long-term gains, and address increasing demand from EMC's corporate customers 
to use encryption and other techniques to better secure data. 
"This was a missing piece in the information infrastructure puzzle," Tucci said. "If we do this right, I absolutely, 
positively, believe there is upside." 
Tucci, EMC's chairman, president and CEO, and Art Coviello, RSA's president and CEO, did not identify other 
companies that expressed interest in buying RSA, a 20-year-old company with about 1,200 employees and $310 
million in revenue last year, compared with EMC's nearly $10 billion. 
RSA is well-known for an annual security conference that it stages, as well as millions of business card-sized 
"SecurID" tokens that display an ever-changing six-digit code computer users must type to gain access to 
networks. RSA's three founders were Massachusetts Institute of Technology professors who helped develop a 
seminal method of cryptography. 
The auction to buy RSA was made public after The New York Times on Thursday reported a deal possibly worth 
$1.8 billion could be reached in a few days with EMC or at least one other bidder. The report prompted RSA to 
issue a news release confirming it was in talks. 
EMC and RSA said they expect to close the acquisition in the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter, subject to 
regulatory approvals and other conditions. Coviello will become an executive vice president at EMC, and 
president of the Information Security Division. The division will operate from RSA's headquarters in Bedford, 35 
miles from EMC's Hopkinton headquarters.

Page 24 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMC said it expects the deal will shave 3 cents per share off its earnings next year, and will not have a material 
impact on its 2008 earnings. 
EMC is the largest provider of data storage systems for business customers, with rivals including Hewlett-Packard 
Co., IBM Corp., Hitachi, Dell Inc., Sun Microsystems Inc. and Network Appliance Inc. 
EMC's stock has languished in recent years as the company has made a string of acquisitions to expand from 
storage hardware into more lucrative services and software to help manage data and keep it secure. The RSA 
deal is EMC's most expensive recent acquisition from a list that includes VMware, Dantz, Documentum, Legato, 
Rainfinity and Captiva. 
-------- 
On the Net: 
EMC Corp.: http://www.emc.com 
RSA Security: http://www.rsasecurity.com 
7
Document APRS000020060630e26u0025h

Page 25 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMC to buy RSA Security for nearly $2.1 billion 
EMC to buy RSA Security for nearly $2.1 billion 
By MARK JEWELL 
AP Business Writer 
679 words 
29 June 2006 
20:16 
Associated Press Newswires 
APRS 
English 
(c) 2006. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. 
BOSTON (AP) - Data storage provider EMC Corp. said Thursday it will buy RSA Security Inc. for nearly $2.1 
billion (euro1.7 billion), paying a hefty premium to overcome rivals who also were eager to snap up RSA's 
encryption software and computer authentication products. 
EMC will pay $28 for each share of Bedford-based RSA Security, or a 22 percent premium above the $22.88 
price at which RSA's shares closed Thursday on the Nasdaq before the deal was announced. 
RSA's stock closed up 18 percent after the company confirmed in the morning that it was in talks with unidentified 
parties. In after-hours trading, RSA's shares rose another $4.37 to $27.25 -- the stock's highest level since 2001 
-- while EMC's shares fell 37 cents, or 3.3 percent, to $10.88, in after-hours trading. 
EMC's top executive, Joe Tucci, told analysts in a conference call that "a very competitive situation" emerged 
after RSA recently sought out prospective buyers interested in expanding their information security offerings. 
In response to an analyst's question why EMC chose to buy RSA at a big premium rather than form partnerships 
with it, Tucci said, "RSA wasn't going to be around" and would be quickly snapped up by a rival. 
Several analysts questioned whether EMC was paying too high a price for RSA -- the company's biggest-ever 
acquisition -- and whether EMC might realize better returns by stepping up an existing program to buy back 
shares of its long-stagnant stock. 
Tucci said the deal will yield long-term gains, and address increasing demand from EMC's corporate customers 
to use encryption and other techniques to better secure data. 
"This was a missing piece in the information infrastructure puzzle," Tucci said. "If we do this right, I absolutely, 
positively, believe there is upside." 
Tucci, EMC's chairman, president and CEO, and Art Coviello, RSA's president and CEO, did not identify other 
companies that expressed interest in buying RSA, a 20-year-old company with about 1,200 employees and $310 
million in revenue last year compared with EMC's nearly $10 billion. 
RSA is well-known for an annual security conference that it stages, as well as millions of business card-sized 
"SecurID" tokens that display an ever-changing six-digit code computer users must type to gain access to 
networks. RSA's three founders were Massachusetts Institute of Technology professors who helped develop a 
seminal method of cryptography. 
The auction to buy RSA was made public after The New York Times on Thursday reported a deal possibly worth 
$1.8 billion (euro1.44 billion) could be reached in a few days with EMC or at least one other bidder. The report 
prompted RSA to issue a news release confirming it was in talks. 
EMC and RSA said they expect to close the acquisition in the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter, subject to 
regulatory approvals and other conditions. Coviello will become an executive vice president at EMC, and 
president of the Information Security Division. The division will operate from RSA's headquarters in Bedford, 35 
miles from EMC's Hopkinton headquarters. 
EMC said it expects the deal will shave 3 cents per share off its earnings next year, and will not have a material 
impact on its 2008 earnings.

Page 26 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMC is the largest provider of data storage systems for business customers, with rivals including Hewlett-Packard 
Co., IBM Corp., Hitachi, Dell Inc., Sun Microsystems Inc. and Network Appliance Inc. 
EMC's stock has languished in recent years as the company has made a string of acquisitions to expand from 
storage hardware into more lucrative services and software to help manage data and keep it secure. The RSA 
deal is EMC's most expensive recent acquisition from a list that includes VMware, Dantz, Documentum, Legato, 
Rainfinity and Captiva. 
-------- 
On the Net: 
EMC Corp.: http://www.emc.com 
RSA Security: http://www.rsasecurity.com 
7
Document APRS000020060630e26u00030

Page 27 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMC Shares Plunge on Word of $2.1B Deal 
EMC Shares Plunge on Word of $2.1B Deal 
By MARK JEWELL 
AP Business Writer 
437 words 
30 June 2006 
11:52 
Associated Press Newswires 
APRS 
English 
(c) 2006. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. 
BOSTON (AP) - Data storage provider EMC Corp. saw its stock dive Friday after announcing a $2.1 billion deal 
for RSA Security Inc. that represented a hefty premium for the computer authentication provider. 
EMC said after markets closed Thursday that it will pay $28 for each share of RSA, a 22 percent premium above 
the $22.88 price at which RSA's shares closed -- and a 45 percent premium over RSA's closing price 
Wednesday, the last day of trading before RSA confirmed it was in buyout talks. 
On Friday morning on the Nasdaq, RSA was trading at $27.29, its highest level since 2001. Meanwhile, investors 
sent shares of EMC down 94 cents, or 8.4 percent, to $10.31 -- the stock's lowest level since September 2004. 
EMC's top executive, Joe Tucci, told analysts in a conference call Thursday that "a very competitive situation" 
emerged after RSA recently sought out prospective buyers interested in expanding their information security 
offerings. 
In response to an analyst's question why EMC chose to buy RSA at a big premium rather than form partnerships 
with it, Tucci said, "RSA wasn't going to be around" and would be quickly snapped up by a rival. 
Several analysts questioned whether EMC was paying too high a price for RSA -- the company's biggest-ever 
acquisition -- and whether EMC might realize better returns by stepping up an existing program to buy back 
shares of its long-stagnant stock. 
Tucci said the deal will yield long-term gains, and address increasing demand from EMC's corporate customers 
to use encryption and other techniques to better secure data. 
"This was a missing piece in the information infrastructure puzzle," Tucci said. "If we do this right, I absolutely, 
positively, believe there is upside." 
Tucci, EMC's chairman, president and CEO, and Art Coviello, RSA's president and CEO, did not identify other 
companies that expressed interest in buying RSA, a 20-year-old company with about 1,200 employees and $310 
million in revenue last year, compared with EMC's nearly $10 billion. 
RSA is known for an annual security conference that it stages, as well as millions of business card-sized 
"SecurID" tokens that display an ever-changing six-digit code computer users must type to gain access to 
networks. One of the companies that became today's RSA was founded by three Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology professors who helped develop a seminal method of cryptography. 
-------- 
On the Net: 
http://www.emc.com 
http://www.rsasecurity.com 
7
Document APRS000020060630e26u0000w

Page 28 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE 3-EMC to buy RSA Security for nearly $2.1 bln 
UPDATE 3-EMC to buy RSA Security for nearly $2.1 bln 
By Jim Finkle 
638 words 
29 June 2006 
09:11 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2006 Reuters Limited 
(Adds EMC confirmation of deal, new throughout) 
BOSTON, June 29 (Reuters) - Data storage maker EMC Corp. agreed on Thursday to buy digital security 
company RSA Security Inc. for just under $2.1 billion, sending shares of RSA up 19 percent to a five-year high. 
The deal continues EMC's strategy of using acquisitions to diversify its product portfolio into software, in the face 
of slowing growth in sales of data storage equipment, which accounts for about half of the company's revenue. 
RSA sells key-chain-sized SecurID devices that businesses use to control access to computer networks. EMC 
said it expects the acquisition to dilute its earnings by 3 cents per share in 2007 on a GAAP basis. 
"There's a limited number of places you can get this kind of technology. Not having it would put us at a severe 
disadvantage," EMC chairman, president and chief executive Joe Tucci told a conference call with analysts. 
Tucci described the bidding process for RSA as very competitive. "I can assure you that others that might have 
bought it would not have wanted to share it with us," he said but did not name his rival bidders. 
EMC has a definitive agreement to pay $28.00 cash for each share of RSA and the assumption of outstanding 
options, the two companies said. The aggregate price is just under $2.1 billion, net of RSA's existing cash 
balance. They expect to close in the third or fourth quarter, subject to shareholder and regulatory approval. 
The price compares to RSA's Nasdaq closing share price of $22.88, which was up 18 percent from the previous 
day after the New York Times reported that the two firms were close to a deal. RSA's stock rose another $4.36 in 
post-market trade on Inet to $27.24, its highest level since July 2001. 
Analysts said it makes sense for Hopkinton, Massachusetts-based EMC to buy a company like RSA as EMC has 
used acquisitions to boost software sales. EMC has set a target for security products to account for about $1 
billion in annual sales within five years. 
"It fits in," said Morgan Keegan analyst Brian Freed before the announcement. "Acquiring RSA would certainly 
give them a brand name, some very solid security technology to leverage." 
But EMC, the world's largest maker of corporate data-storage equipment, saw its shares fall 4 percent in 
post-market trade to $10.8 after closing flat at $11.25. 
Investors are concerned a large acquisition could distract the company from addressing slowing growth in sales 
of existing products, said A.G. Edwards & Sons analyst Aaron Rakers. 
"For lack of a better term they are spreading themselves a bit too thin," Rakers said before the market close. He 
said during the conference call after the deal was announced that the purchase price was five times estimated 
2007 revenues. 
EMC has spent $4.7 billion in three years buying some 20 companies, the bulk of them software makers. EMC 
still has about $8 billion in cash and investments that it can draw upon to fund future purchases. 
Bedford, Massachusetts-based RSA will operate as EMC's Information Security Division after the acquisition. 
RSA's CEO and president Art Coviello will head the division.

Page 29 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Tucci said they would not discard the RSA brand and would "go after every dime of cost-savings" without 
elaborating. 
RSA has most recently been in the news as one of about 50 U.S. technology companies being investigated for 
their practice of granting stock options to executives. (Additional reporting by Yinka Adegoke and Robert 
MacMillan) 
TECH-RSASECURITY-EMC (UPDATE 3)|LANGEN|ABN|E|U|RBN|D|RNP|DNP|PCO 
Document LBA0000020060629e26t00154

Page 30 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE: EMC CEO:Buy Aids Transition To Information-Mgmt Co 
UPDATE: EMC CEO:Buy Aids Transition To Information-Mgmt Co 
728 words 
29 June 2006 
19:42 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(c) 2006 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
(Updates with further comment from the conference call and background information, beginning in the seventh 
paragraph.) 
By Riva Richmond 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Executives at storage giant EMC Corp. (EMC) defended their decision to spend $2.1 
billion in cash to acquire RSA Security Inc. (RSAS) as a move to both grab growth and defend the health of its 
core business. 
Speaking on a conference call with investors late Thursday, EMC Chief Executive Joe Tucci said that the 
purchase would advance the company's transition into an information-management company from a storage 
company, and that offering customers built-in security will become "mandatory." 
The company that can seamlessly integrate information management with information security "will be a huge 
winner in the technology marketplace," he said. "The technology company that is going to do that is EMC." 
EMC confirmed after the market closed Thursday that it had agreed to acquire the security-software maker, 
following a day of fevered market speculation sparked by a New York Times report outlining the deal and 
estimating a price tag that could exceed $1.8 billion. RSA confirmed it was in negotiations, but declined to name 
the parties to the talks. RSA's stock jumped 18.2% to $22.88 on the news, while EMC's ended flat at $11.25. 
The bidding for RSA was "competitive," Tucci said on the call. "This is critical tech - critical," he said, adding that 
"not having it would have put us at a severe disadvantage." 
The purchase was set at $2.1 billion in cash, net of RSA's cash balance, or $28 a share. EMC expects to 
complete the transaction late in the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter. 
EMC, of Hopkinton, Mass., said its purchase of RSA, of Bedford, Mass., would cut its fiscal 2007 net income by 3 
cents a share and have no material impact on its earnings before items. For 2008, EMC said the deal will not 
materially affect its net profit and should add 3 cents a share to its pro forma profit. 
RSA, founded in 1986, has some 20,000 customers and about 1,200 employees. Last year, it earned $42.4 
million on revenue of $310.1 million. 
CEO Tucci said EMC does not intend to pursue any other large acquisitions for now, though it might make some 
smaller technology purchases, including in the security arena. He also said that the acquisition would not stop 
EMC from continuing to buy back stock, arguing it has the financial wherewithal to invest for the future of the 
business and buy shares. 
The executive said RSA would form the heart of a new information-security division of EMC that would be headed 
by RSA CEO Art Coviello. The unit will be one of five growth divisions that EMC believes it can turn into 
billion-dollar businesses. In 2007, the unit will have an annual run rate of about $500 million and a strong growth 
rate, propelled by rising concerns about growing criminal attacks on sensitive data that are driving corporate 
security spending higher.

Page 31 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"The market is headed our way because we have the best answer to those kinds of threats," said Coviello on the 
call. "It's critical that where the information lives is tied closely to security." 
RSA will bring EMC key technologies for ensuring that only authorized people are able to access information on 
computer networks, as well as encryption and key-management software. EMC said those technologies will allow 
it to secure customers' data infrastructure and their information, as well as help them comply with data-security 
regulations. 
"Customers are going beyond asking us for this; they are demanding it," Tucci said. "That's what's motivating us 
to do this." 
Many organizations, such as banks and health-care companies, must comply with laws requiring data security. 
Many more are required to disclose any security breaches to customers, rules that have led to a rash of 
embarrassing disclosures of data loss and thefts in the last year or two. This week, the Bush administration said 
federal civilian agencies have just 45 days to comply with recommendations on ways to securely authenticate 
network users. 
-By Riva Richmond, Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-5670; riva.richmond@dowjones.com [ 06-29-06 1942ET ] 
Document DJ00000020060629e26t000ov

Page 32 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMC Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire RSA Security, Further Advancing Information-Centric Security; Market Leaders in Information... 
EMC Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire RSA Security, Further Advancing Information-Centric 
Security; Market Leaders in Information Management and Information Security Join to Help Organizations 
Secure Information Throughout its Lifecycle 
2,188 words 
29 June 2006 
16:52 
Business Wire 
BWR 
English 
(c) 2006 Business Wire. All Rights Reserved. 
HOPKINTON and BEDFORD, Mass. - (BUSINESS WIRE) - June 29, 2006 - EMC Corporation (NYSE:EMC), the 
leader in information management and storage, and RSA Security Inc. (NASDAQ:RSAS), the leader in protecting 
and managing identities and digital assets, today announced a definitive agreement for EMC to acquire RSA. 
Under the terms of the agreement, EMC will pay $28.00 per share in cash in exchange for each share of RSA 
and the assumption of outstanding options, for an aggregate purchase price of slightly less than $2.1 billion, net 
of RSA's existing cash balance. EMC's acquisition of RSA brings together two market leaders with a shared 
vision for helping organizations of all sizes securely manage their information throughout its lifecycle. The 
acquisition adds industry-leading identity and access management solutions and encryption and key 
management software to EMC's expanding, information-centric security portfolio. 
The acquisition is expected to be completed late in the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter of 2006, subject 
to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. 
Joe Tucci, EMC's Chairman, President and CEO, said, "Information security is a top priority among executives 
around the world, and it has become an inseparable attribute of information management. Businesses can't 
secure what they don't manage, and when it comes to securing information, that means simply two things - 
managing the data and managing access to the data. EMC is the leading provider of information management 
solutions. Bringing RSA into the fold provides EMC with industry-leading identity and access management 
technologies and best-in-class encryption and key management software to help EMC deliver information 
lifecycle management securely." 
RSA provides technologies to secure information no matter where it resides or travels inside or outside of an 
organization and throughout its lifecycle. With industry-leading authentication, access control, and encryption 
solutions, RSA helps organizations of all sizes ensure the authenticity and protection of people, information and 
transactions. 
"This acquisition signals a fundamental change in the landscape of the security market," continued Tucci. "EMC 
is 100% committed to applying the resources required to continue to expand RSA's leading market share while 
also tightly integrating their technology with EMC's products to bring customers the best information-centric 
security portfolio available." 
According to recent surveys conducted by industry and financial analyst firms, information security is the number 
one priority among CIOs. Meanwhile, 75% of U.S. companies suffer data loss each year. With high-profile data 
breaches garnering national coverage and pressure to meet regulatory compliance, the combination of RSA's 
security offerings and EMC's information management and storage solutions uniquely addresses the market's 
rapidly growing need for information-centric security. 
EMC's information-centric security strategy implements an integrated, four-part solution that secures information 
throughout its lifecycle. The strategy helps customers assess the security of their information, secure their 
information infrastructure, directly protect their sensitive information, and manage security information and events 
to assure effectiveness and ease the burdens of compliance. The integration of RSA's authentication and access 
management capabilities will build on EMC's foundation of inherently secure products and processes. RSA's 
encryption and key management technology will be central to EMC's strategy to directly protect the information no 
matter where it resides within or outside of an organization.

Page 33 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Art Coviello, RSA CEO and President, said, "Information security threats are evolving from attacks on the network 
and the perimeter to attacks on the data itself. These attacks are designed to obtain information, intellectual 
property and other information that can be exploited for criminal gain. For this reason, security must be an integral 
part of the information infrastructure, transparently allowing authorized users to easily get access to information. 
The combination of RSA's leading security technology coupled with EMC's best-in-class information infrastructure 
and financial resources will accelerate the integration of security into the information infrastructure." 
On a GAAP basis, EMC currently expects the acquisition of RSA will be dilutive by $.03 per diluted share in 2007 
and will not have a material impact on diluted earnings per share in 2008. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes 
the impact of intangible amortization and stock option expense, EMC currently expects the acquisition will not 
have a material impact on diluted earnings per share in 2007 and will be accretive to earnings by $.03 per diluted 
share in 2008. 
Upon completion of the acquisition, RSA will operate as EMC's Information Security Division, headquartered in 
Bedford, Mass. Art Coviello will become an Executive Vice President of EMC and President of the division. 
Conference Call & Webcast 
EMC Chairman, President and CEO Joe Tucci, RSA CEO and President Art Coviello, and EMC Vice Chairman 
and Chief Financial Officer Bill Teuber will discuss the acquisition on a conference call for financial analysts, 
investors and the news media at 5:30 p.m. EDT, today. The dial-in number is 210-234-0104. The pass code to 
access the call is EMC. For the general public, the call will be webcast with supporting slides at EMC and RSA's 
home pages, www.EMC.com and www.RSA.com . A replay of the call will be available approximately one hour 
following the call at 203-369-1706. 
About EMC 
EMC Corporation (NYSE: EMC) is the world leader in products, services and solutions for information 
management and storage that help organizations extract the maximum value from their information, at the lowest 
total cost, across every point in the information lifecycle. Information about EMC's products and services can be 
found at www.EMC.com . 
About RSA 
RSA Security Inc. is the expert in protecting online identities and digital assets. The inventor of core security 
technologies for the Internet, the Company leads the way in strong authentication, encryption and anti-fraud 
protection, bringing trust to millions of user identities and the transactions that they perform. RSA Security's 
portfolio of award-winning identity & access management solutions helps businesses to establish who's who 
online - and what they can do. For more information, please visit www.rsasecurity.com . 
This release contains "forward-looking statements", including forward-looking statements under the Federal 
Securities Laws. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a 
result of certain risk factors, including but not limited to: (i) risks associated with acquisitions and investments, 
including the challenges and costs of closing, integration, restructuring and achieving anticipated synergies 
associated with the acquisition; (ii) adverse changes in general economic or market conditions; (iii) delays or 
reductions in information technology spending; (iv) competitive factors, including but not limited to pricing 
pressures and new product introductions; (v) the relative and varying rates of product price and component cost 
declines and the volume and mixture of product and services revenues; (vi) component and product quality and 
availability; (vii) the transition to new products, the uncertainty of customer acceptance of new product offerings 
and rapid technological and market change; (viii) insufficient, excess or obsolete inventory; (ix) war or acts of 
terrorism; (x) the ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees; (xi) fluctuating currency exchange rates; 
and (xii) other one-time events and other important factors disclosed previously and from time to time in EMC's 
and RSA's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EMC and RSA disclaim any obligation to 
update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this release. 
This release contains non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures, which are used as 
measures of EMC's performance, should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or superior to, 
measures of EMC's financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these 
non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP is provided in the text of this release. EMC's non-GAAP measures may 
be defined differently than similar terms used by other companies, and accordingly, care should be exercised in 
understanding how EMC defines its non-GAAP financial measures.

Page 34 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Specifically, intangible amortization and stock option expense is excluded from each non-GAAP financial 
measure in this release. Management views these items as non-cash expenses that are reported internally as 
corporate expenses. For purposes of its internal budgets and each reporting segment's financial goals, EMC's 
management uses financial statements that do not include such items. 
EMC's management uses these non-GAAP financial measures to gain an understanding of EMC's comparative 
operating performance (when comparing such results with previous periods or forecasts) and future prospects. 
These non-GAAP financial measures are also used by EMC's management in their financial and operating 
decision-making because management believes they reflect the underlying economics of EMC's ongoing 
business in a manner that allows meaningful period-to-period comparisons. Such comparisons may be more 
meaningful because operating results presented under GAAP may include, from time to time, items that are not 
necessarily relevant to understand EMC's business and may, in some cases, be difficult to forecast accurately for 
future periods. EMC's management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information 
to investors and others in understanding and evaluating EMC's current operating performance and future 
prospects in the same manner as management does if they so choose. These non-GAAP financial measures 
have limitations, however, because they do not include all items of income and expense that affect EMC's 
operations. One material limitation of a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes intangible amortization and 
stock option expense is that it does not reflect any benefit that such items may confer on EMC. Management 
compensates for this and other limitations by also considering EMC's financial results as determined in 
accordance with GAAP. 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC 
RSA plans to file with the SEC and mail to its stockholders a Proxy Statement in connection with the transaction. 
The Proxy Statement will contain important information about EMC, RSA, the merger and related matters. 
Investors and security holders are urged to read the Proxy Statement carefully when it is available. 
Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the Proxy Statement and other documents filed 
with the SEC by EMC and RSA through the web site maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov . Free copies of the 
proxy statement, when available, and each company's other filings with the SEC also may be obtained from the 
respective companies. Free copies of EMC's filings may be obtained by directing a request to EMC. You can 
request this information via the web at www.EMC.com/IR/request or by sending a written request to EMC Investor 
Relations, EMC Corporation, 176 South Street, Hopkinton, MA 01748. Free copies of RSA's filings may be 
obtained by directing a request to Investor Relations at 781-515-6065. In addition, investors and security holders 
may access copies of the documents filed with the SEC by EMC on EMC's website at www.EMC.com , and 
investors and security holders may access copies of the documents filed with the SEC by RSA on RSA's website 
at www.RSA.com , when they become available. 
RSA, and its directors and executive officers, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from 
RSA's stockholders with respect to the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. Information 
regarding RSA's directors and executive officers is contained in RSA's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year 
ended December 31, 2005 and its proxy statement dated May 3, 2006 for its 2006 Annual Meeting of 
Stockholders, which are filed with the SEC. As of February 28, 2006, RSA's directors and executive officers 
beneficially owned (as calculated in accordance with SEC Rule 13d-3) approximately 3,225,265 shares, or 
4.3%(1), of RSA's common stock. You can obtain free copies of these documents from RSA using the contact 
information set forth above. Additional information regarding interests of such participants will be included in the 
Proxy Statement that will be filed with the SEC and available free of charge as indicated above. 
In addition, in connection with the execution of the merger agreement, RSA adopted a deal retention and bonus 
program for the benefit of various individuals, including executive officers of RSA. Under this program, Art 
Coviello, RSA's President and CEO, and Charles Kane, RSA SVP and CFO will be entitled to payments of up to 
$2,250,000 and $540,000 respectively. A more complete description will be available in the Proxy Statement. 
(1) Numbers from most recent proxy statement and indicate ownership as of February 28, 2006. Does not include 
785,123 shares acquired by Mr. Harris on April 25, 2006 in connection with PassMark acquisition. 
Document BWR0000020060629e26t00asx

Page 35 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMC to buy RSA Security for nearly $2.1 billion 
EMC to buy RSA Security for nearly $2.1 billion 
By MARK JEWELL 
AP Business Writer 
674 words 
29 June 2006 
19:46 
Associated Press Newswires 
APRS 
English 
(c) 2006. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. 
BOSTON (AP) - Data storage provider EMC Corp. said Thursday it will buy RSA Security Inc. for nearly $2.1 
billion, paying a hefty premium to overcome rivals who also were eager to snap up RSA's encryption software and 
computer authentication products. 
Hopkinton-based EMC will pay $28 for each share of Bedford-based RSA Security, or a 22 percent premium 
above the $22.88 price at which RSA's shares closed Thursday on the Nasdaq before the deal was announced. 
RSA's stock closed up 18 percent after the company confirmed in the morning that it was in talks with unidentified 
parties. In after-hours trading, RSA's shares rose another $4.43 to $27.31 -- the stock's highest level since 2001 
-- while EMC's shares fell 45 cents, or 4 percent, to $10.80, in after-hours trading. 
EMC's top executive, Joe Tucci, told analysts in a conference call that "a very competitive situation" emerged 
after RSA recently sought out prospective buyers interested in expanding their information security offerings. 
In response to an analyst's question why EMC chose to buy RSA at a big premium rather than form partnerships 
with it, Tucci said, "RSA wasn't going to be around" and would be quickly snapped up by a rival. 
Several analysts questioned whether EMC was paying too high a price for RSA -- the company's biggest-ever 
acquisition -- and whether EMC might realize better returns by stepping up an existing program to buy back 
shares of its long-stagnant stock. 
Tucci said the deal will yield long-term gains, and address increasing demand from EMC's corporate customers 
to use encryption and other techniques to better secure data. 
"This was a missing piece in the information infrastructure puzzle," Tucci said. "If we do this right, I absolutely, 
positively, believe there is upside." 
Tucci, EMC's chairman, president and CEO, and Art Coviello, RSA's president and CEO, did not identify other 
companies that expressed interest in buying RSA, a 20-year-old company with about 1,200 employees and $310 
million in revenue last year compared with EMC's nearly $10 billion. 
RSA is well-known for an annual security conference that it stages, as well as millions of business card-sized 
"SecurID" tokens that display an ever-changing six-digit code computer users must type to gain access to 
networks. RSA's three founders were Massachusetts Institute of Technology professors who helped develop a 
seminal method of cryptography. 
The auction to buy RSA was made public after The New York Times on Thursday reported a deal possibly worth 
$1.8 billion could be reached in a few days with EMC or at least one other bidder. The report prompted RSA to 
issue a news release confirming it was in talks. 
EMC and RSA said they expect to close the acquisition in the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter, subject to 
regulatory approvals and other conditions. Coviello will become an executive vice president at EMC, and 
president of the Information Security Division. The division will operate from RSA's headquarters in Bedford, 35 
miles from EMC's Hopkinton headquarters. 
EMC said it expects the deal will shave 3 cents per share off its earnings next year, and will not have a material 
impact on its 2008 earnings.

Page 36 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMC is the largest provider of data storage systems for business customers, with rivals including Hewlett-Packard 
Co., IBM Corp., Hitachi, Dell Inc., Sun Microsystems Inc. and Network Appliance Inc. 
EMC's stock has languished in recent years as the company has made a string of acquisitions to expand from 
storage hardware into more lucrative services and software to help manage data and keep it secure. The RSA 
deal is EMC's most expensive recent acquisition from a list that includes VMware, Dantz, Documentum, Legato, 
Rainfinity and Captiva. 
-------- 
On the Net: 
EMC Corp.: http://www.emc.com 
RSA Security: http://www.rsasecurity.com 
5
Document APRS000020060629e26t003e9

Page 37 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMC to buy RSA Security for nearly $2.1 billion 
EMC to buy RSA Security for nearly $2.1 billion 
By MARK JEWELL 
AP Business Writer 
376 words 
29 June 2006 
17:38 
Associated Press Newswires 
APRS 
English 
(c) 2006. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. 
BOSTON (AP) - Data storage provider EMC Corp. on Thursday said it agreed to buy RSA Security Inc. in an 
all-cash deal totaling nearly $2.1 billion that will give EMC RSA's encryption software and computer authentication 
products. 
EMC will pay $28 for each share of RSA Security, whose shares closed up 18 percent at $22.88 on the Nasdaq 
on Thursday after the company confirmed it was in talks with unidentified parties interested in buying the firm. 
Hopkinton-based EMC and Bedford-based RSA Security said in a joint news release that they expect to complete 
the deal either in the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter, subject to regulatory approvals and other closing 
conditions. 
EMC, the largest provider of data storage systems for business customers, is far larger than RSA, with nearly $10 
billion in revenue last year to RSA's $310 million. EMC's stock has languished in recent years as the company 
has made a string of acquisitions to expand from storage hardware into more lucrative services and software to 
help manage data and keep it secure. 
"Bringing RSA into the fold provides EMC with industry-leading identity and access management technologies 
and best-in-class encryption and key management software to help EMC deliver information lifecycle 
management securely," said Joe Tucci, EMC's chairman, president and CEO. 
RSA Security, a 20-year-old company with 1,200 employees, is well-known for an annual security conference that 
it stages, as well as millions of business card-sized "SecureID" tokens that display an ever-changing six-digit 
code computer users must type to gain access to computer networks. 
Shares of RSA rose as high as $23.52, eclipsing a 52-week high of $21.04 set in April, before closing at $22.88, 
up 18 percent for the day. In after-hours electronic trading after the deal was announced, RSA's shares rose 
another $4.43 to $27.31. 
Shares of EMC closed at $11.25, unchanged for the day, on the New York Stock Exchange. In after-hours 
trading, EMC's shares fell 45 cents, or 4 percent, to $10.80. 
5
Document APRS000020060629e26t0039w 
Search Summary 
Text Tucci AND RSA 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2007 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company EMC Corp. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries

Page 38 of 38 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Region All Regions 
Language English

