Page 1 of 3 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
M&I announces St. Louis buy, completes Indiana acquisition ........................................................................................2

Page 2 of 3 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
M&I announces St. Louis buy, completes Indiana acquisition 
M&I announces St. Louis buy, completes Indiana acquisition 
461 words 
1 February 2006 
Northwestern Financial Review 
BNFR 
11 
Volume 191; Issue 3; ISSN: 10421254 
English 
Copyright (c) 2006 Bell & Howell Information and Learning Company. All rights reserved. 
Marshall & Ilsley Corp., Milwaukee, announced it will acquire a St. Louis bank holding company; also, Marshall & 
Ilsley recently completed the acquisition of an Indiana-based trust operation. 
Marshall & Ilsley Corp., has reached agreement to purchase Trustcorp Financial, Inc., the parent company of 
Missouri State Bank & Trust. Trustcorp shareholders will receive 0.7011 of a share of M&I common stock and 
$7.70 in cash for each Trustcorp share. The transaction is valued at approximately $181 million. The transaction 
is expected to be completed in the second quarter and is expected to be about 1 cent per share dilutive to M&I's 
2006 earnings. 
Trustcorp, with $711 million in assets, has seven branches in the St. Louis metro area. The current Trustcorp 
branches are expected to merge into Southwest Bank, a wholly owned subsidiary of M&I. 
"Missouri State Bank and Trust's strong commercial loan and commercial real estate base will complement our 
growing presence in the St. Louis area, and the introduction of Southwest Bank's line of products and services to 
our new customers will provide additional opportunities for growth," said Dennis Kuester, chairman and CEO of 
Marshall & Ilsley Corp. "The performance and capabilities of our St. Louis regional management team at 
Southwest Bank, led by Drew Baur, Andrew Baur, and Bob Witterschein, will be important assets as we integrate 
these two organizations." 
"Jim Saitz and his team at Missouri State Bank are highly respected in the St. Louis metropolitan area for their 
dedication to providing excellent customer service and commitment to the community," said Drew Baur, chairman 
of Southwest Bank of St. Louis. 
On January 4, Marshall & Ilsley announced it completed its acquisition of FirstTrust Indiana, a division of First 
Indiana Bank, N.A. Later this year, FirstTrust Indiana will be re-branded M&I Wealth Management, a division of 
Marshall & Ilsley Corp. 
FirstTrust Indiana began operating in 1998 and offers asset management, trust administration, and estate 
planning services to high-networth individuals and institutional customers. The acquisition was announced last 
October. 
"With the completion of this acquisition, M&I Wealth Management expands its presence into the Indiana 
marketplace," said Kenneth Krei, senior vice president, Marshall & Ilsley Corp., and president/CEO of M&I Wealth 
Management. "M&I Looks forward to a continued partnership with First Indiana Bank, N.A." 
Marshall & Ilsley Corp., is a $45 billion financial service corporation founded in 1847. 
Marshall & Isley Corp. announced it will acqurie a St. Louis bank holding company; also, Marchall & Isley recently 
completed the acquisition of an Indians-based trust operation. 
Copyright NFR Communications Inc Feb 1-Feb 14, 2006 
Document BNFR000020060215e2210000g 
Search Summary 
Text Dennis Kuester AND First Indiana 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2008 
Source All Publications

Page 3 of 3 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Author All Authors 
Company Marshall & Ilsley Corporation 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

