Page 1 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
A March on Washington; After mergers, area banks look outward .................................................................................2 
Committed To Riggs, But At What Cost? ........................................................................................................................5 
UPDATE 2-PNC profit falls 8 pct as charge outweighs growth. ......................................................................................7 
Pennsylvania business news in brief...............................................................................................................................8 
Riggs to give up ghost, agrees to $771.2 million sale to PNC Financial .........................................................................9 
PNC will buy troubled Riggs; As part of the $779 million deal, the Riggs Bank unit will shed all businesses causing its 
current regulatory... .......................................................................................................................................................10 
PNC Financial Group to buy Riggs Corp.......................................................................................................................12 
PNC Fincl Svcs To Buy Riggs National For $24.25/Shr >PNC .....................................................................................13 
UPDATE: PNC To Acquire Troubled Riggs For $779M ................................................................................................14 
PNC CEO: 'Riggs We Acquire Won't Be Same Riggs Of Today' ..................................................................................16 
PNC To Buy Riggs ........................................................................................................................................................18 
J.P. Morgan Reports 38% Growth in Net ......................................................................................................................20

Page 2 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
A March on Washington; After mergers, area banks look outward 
BUSINESS 
A March on Washington; After mergers, area banks look outward 
Joseph N. DiStefano INQUIRER STAFF WRITER 
1,408 words 
12 December 2004 
The Philadelphia Inquirer 
PHLI 
CITY-D 
E01 
English 
(c) Copyright 2004, The Philadelphia Inquirer. All Rights Reserved. 
Philadelphia's best-known banks are looking south. 
They are planning to add branches in the Washington and Baltimore areas, looking for customers who aren't 
content with the giant multistate banks that dominate both cities. 
Commerce Bancorp Inc., of Cherry Hill, the biggest bank based in New Jersey, is acquiring branch sites in 
Washington and Northern Virginia. 
Sovereign Bancorp Inc., of Wyomissing, the largest bank based in eastern Pennsylvania, is buying a handful of 
branches in suburban Baltimore and western Maryland, and plans more. 
PNC Financial Services Group Inc., Pennsylvania's largest bank, plans to purchase historic but troubled Riggs 
National Bank if the Washington bank can solve its legal problems. 
And upstart ING Direct Bank, of Wilmington, which initially focused on Philadelphia, has named 
Washington-Baltimore as its next target market - with its Washington sales campaign kicking off this week. 
The ranks of Philadelphia's hometown banks have thinned markedly over the last two decades through mergers. 
But now, the largest banks remaining here can afford expansion campaigns, thanks to years of record industry 
profits. Another reason: Slow-growing Pennsylvania and New Jersey have too many banks and not enough 
borrowers. The banks believe they need to expand to the south if they are to keep boosting profit and justifying 
their high stock prices. 
"Washington is a wonderful market, and it's grown more rapidly than any market in the country," said James 
Rohr, chairman of PNC. While PNC is based in Pittsburgh, its biggest market is Philadelphia. 
Metropolitan Washington's population grew 13 percent in the 1990s, second only to Dallas, according to a U.S. 
Census Bureau comparison of the nine metro regions with at least five million residents each. The Philadelphia 
area finished last on the list, growing by just 5 percent. Other parts of Pennsylvania grew even more slowly. 
Not only is the Washington market growing faster, thanks to its government-dependent defense, telecom and 
computer industries, but it also is getting richer. 
Sovereign is focusing on some of the wealthier areas of Maryland. "In the part of the market we're looking at 
down there, the median household income is around $70,000, compared to maybe fifty grand in Massachusetts 
outside Boston, and forty-five grand around here," said veteran Philadelphia banker James Lynch, who heads 
Sovereign's Pennsylvania operations. Baltimore isn't as hot as Washington - but it's increasingly tied to its larger 
neighbor economically, and it's less competitive, bankers say. 
Not everyone thinks the northerners are well-poised to go below the Mason-Dixon line. 
"There is no room in the Washington market. PNC's probably making the mistake of their life," said Arnold G. 
Danielson, chairman of Danielson Associates, a Rockville, Md., firm that has advised buyers or sellers in 31 bank 
mergers since 1996.

Page 3 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Moreover, the Philadelphia-area banks will be taking on formidable competition in Washington, Maryland and 
Virginia. 
Bank of America Corp., which has bought its way to the No. 1 position in Maryland, is the nation's largest retail 
bank and dominates major markets from Boston to Los Angeles. It entered the Philadelphia market this year with 
the acquisition of Fleet Bank. 
Wachovia Corp., based across the street from Bank of America in Charlotte, N.C., concentrates on the East 
Coast; it has finally digested the costly 1990s mergers that made it the market leader in the Philadelphia and 
Washington areas. 
Bank of America officials, visiting Philadelphia recently to mark the Fleet acquisition, waved aside the threat of 
competition in Philadelphia or Washington. 
"We are by far the most convenient bank in America," with more than 5,000 branches nationwide, plus giant 
mortgage, credit-card and business-loan arms, said R. Gene Taylor, head of commercial banking at Bank of 
America. 
Hugh Long, head of Wachovia in Pennsylvania and formerly chief of its Washington region, also said he relished 
the competition. "Bring it on," Long said. "Our capabilities are frankly greater than those of the banks that are 
talking about coming into" the Washington market. 
Here is a look at the Philadelphia-area banks' southern expansion plans: 
Coming home. Commerce chairman Vernon W. Hill II says he wants to build 200 branches in the Washington 
area - including one or more in his hometown, the government-contractor boomtown of Vienna, Va. 
For now, Commerce is running behind schedule. It had hoped to have its first local offices, in affluent Northwest 
Washington, open this year, but it has encountered expensive and difficult real estate conditions in both Virginia 
and Maryland, according to people who have worked with the bank. 
Hill now says his first Washington branches will open in 2005. The bank opens branches at the rate of close to 
one a week, at a cost of $3 million or more per branch. 
Danielson, the bank adviser, warns, "Commerce is going to find this is a lot tougher market than New York," 
where the bank was able to quickly lease prime urban street corners. 
By contrast, the parking-intensive suburban space Commerce wants for its offices in Northern Virginia "is darned 
expensive. Or it just isn't there," Danielson says. Hill is confident he will get the sites he wants. 
Cleaning up. PNC Financial Services Group outlasted Commerce, Sovereign and other banks to win the right to 
buy troubled Riggs National Corp. in July. But the proposed deal, initially valued at $779 million, may not happen: 
Riggs faces federal investigations and civil lawsuits over its handling of accounts for repressive foreign 
governments. 
Rohr called Riggs a "unique opportunity" that became available at a time when the Southern banks that dominate 
Washington-area banking - Wachovia, Bank of America and SunTrust - were busy with deals elsewhere. 
Rohr has no plans to continue Riggs' historic role as banker to Congress and foreign governments; he likes 
Riggs' 51 branches in Washington, Maryland and Virginia - and its plans for 20 more. He considers PNC, which 
settled its own disputes with the Federal Reserve and the Securities and Exchange Commission amicably, 
well-positioned to restore Riggs' reputation - if the final price for settling its problems can be resolved. 
The back door. Sovereign Bancorp will pick up eight branches in western Maryland and suburban Baltimore with 
its pending purchase of Waypoint Financial Corp., of Harrisburg, initially valued at $980 million. 
Sovereign plans to build on this foothold, with future offices around Baltimore, Frederick and Hagerstown, Md. 
"It was logical to grow south," said Lynch, the Sovereign executive. "Once you're in York County [Pa.], which is 
already Orioles country, it makes sense to keep going into Maryland. We like that, the market down there." 
But not as far as Washington, at least not yet. "Bank of America is going to be tough in that market," Lynch said.

Page 4 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
The virtual bank. Wilmington's ING Direct Bank - a U.S. beachhead of Netherlands-based ING Group N.V. - uses 
phone, mail and computer service, plus a handful of coffee shops, including one on Rittenhouse Square, in place 
of traditional branches. 
Its retail banking operation is adding $1 billion a month in deposits, according to the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corp., making it one of the fastest-growing banks ever. 
Arkadi Kuhlmann, head of the four-year-old bank, says Washington and Baltimore are his next targets. The bank 
is offering free Metro rides to new Washington-area depositors, and discount gasoline to those around Baltimore, 
as part of a new promotion. He is also looking for a cool place to put ING Direct's latest cafe - maybe somewhere 
around Washington's tony Dupont Circle. 
Contact staff writer Joseph N. DiStefano at 215-854-5957 or jdistefano@phillynews.com. 
PHOTO, MAP AND CHART | RONALD EDMONDS / Associated Press PNC is one of several major banks in the 
Philadelphia area that sees the Washington area as ripe for new competition. PNC has agreed to buy Riggs 
National Bank, which has a branch across from the U.S. Treasury (left). MAP 1983-2004: Banks from Pittsburgh, 
Charlotte, N.C., and Providence, R.I., purchased several Philadelphia institutions, including Girard, PSFS, and 
Provident. 2004: Seeking to expand, local banks such as Commerce Bank, PNC Bank and Sovereign Bank have 
plans to move into the Washington and Baltimore markets. CHART Neighborhood Branch Deposits (SOURCES: 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and FDIC Summary of Deposits data compiled by Joseph N. DiStefano; The 
Philadelphia Inquirer) 
Document PHLI000020060603e0cc016mg

Page 5 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Committed To Riggs, But At What Cost? 
NEWS 
Committed To Riggs, But At What Cost? 
By Geeta Sundaramoorthy 
881 words 
2 December 2004 
American Banker 
AMB 
1
Vol. 169, No. 230 
English 
Copyright (c) 2004 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved 
WASHINGTON -- As more details emerge of Riggs National Corp.'s dealings with erstwhile dictators and 
renegade governments, observers are betting that PNC Financial Services Group Inc. will renegotiate the $779 
million it offered for the embattled Washington company. 
Pittsburgh-based PNC and Riggs struck a deal in July, months after it was revealed that Riggs had come under 
regulatory scrutiny for its money-laundering controls. Since announcing the merger plan, PNC executives have 
sounded more cautious about the deal. 
Though they have not publicly said they would renegotiate the price or scuttle the deal, they have reminded 
investors in various forums that they can walk away. 
Two major issues to crop up since July have already put extra doubt on the deal - a lawsuit brought by families of 
9/11 victims and a Justice Department investigation into links between senior Riggs executives and former 
Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet. And last month PNC said it would delay the closing of the deal two weeks, to 
April 15; systems conversion would take longer than had been expected, it said. 
Legal and regulatory expenses forced Riggs to report a $10 million net loss for the third quarter, or 33 cents a 
share, versus net income of $139,000, or 1 cent a share, a year earlier. Riggs' net loss for the first nine months of 
2004 was $40.5 million, versus net income of $7.8 million for the period last year. 
PNC's executives have repeatedly said they would give Riggs time to resolve its regulatory issues. 
Joseph Guyaux, PNC's president, said at a recent investor conference organized by Merrill Lynch, "We know they 
[Riggs] are working hard" to make the progress they need to get to the closing date. "We are worried about it, but 
you know we have a $70 billion bank to run. We just hope they will be able to resolve all their issues and get to 
the closing." 
Investors seem to agree that the deal price will be lowered. The original offer was for about $24.25 per Riggs 
share, but Riggs' stock recently dipped below $20. Claire Percarpio, an analyst at Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, 
suggested $20 as a new deal price. The shares closed Wednesday at $20.85, so $20 would be at a discount. 
The difference between $24.25 and $20 may correspond with the penalties or fines the Justice Department could 
levy on Riggs, analysts say. 
The department is investigating the role of several Riggs employees in dealings with Mr. Pinochet as well as in 
allegedly helping the Argentine government hide money as it was on the verge of defaulting on bond payments, 
according to The Washington Post. 
The Post reported Nov. 22 that an internal investigation by Riggs dated the connections with Mr. Pinochet back to 
the mid-1980s. 
"I think PNC management would want to renegotiate the deal price and get it down. I am not sure any market is 
worth overpaying for in a big way," said Denis Laplante, an analyst with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Inc. He would 
not speculate on a new deal price, but he said fines and penalties could exceed $100 million, and that could be 
reflected in the new price.

Page 6 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Some, like Mr. Laplante, say it is in the interest all parties, including the banks and the regulators, to get the deal 
to completion. For bank regulators, Riggs is a problem child. And Riggs' stock is likely to fall further if PNC walks 
away. 
For PNC, the Washington metro market is an important extension to a franchise that is rooted in western 
Pennsylvania but has expanded into New Jersey. The D.C. market, with a ring of affluent suburbs, offers more 
growth, and by most accounts Riggs has an enviable branch network in the city. 
Laurence Petit, a portfolio manager, at A & S Capital Advisors in Richmond, Va., said entry into the D.C. area is 
"critical" for PNC's remaining independent. 
Mr. Guyaux said that PNC has not figured out how to enter this market without Riggs, for which it would not have 
bid unless it thought acquisition the fast way to get in and grow. 
"It doesn't make the other option unattractive, but it would take us quite a period of time to get 50 branches and 
$2 billion or $3 billion in deposits." 
James Rohr, PNC's chairman and chief executive, has said he hopes to close the deal as planned. 
Despite its troubles, Riggs was a coveted target, attracting interest from Sovereign Bancorp Inc. of Philadelphia, 
National City Corp. of Cleveland, and Mercantile Bankshares Corp. of Baltimore. 
Some analysts say that if PNC pulls out of the deal, others are likely to revive their interest in Riggs - but be much 
more cautious. Mr. Laplante said that a lot hinges on the actions of the Justice Department, and that if the deal 
with PNC falls apart, others may not rush in before seeing a clearer picture. "I think there might be other people 
who might be interested in the franchise, but they would have to let the smoke clear," he said. 
Copyright 2004 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
http://www.thomsonmedia.comhttp://www.americanbanker.com 
photo, Guyaux 
Document AMB0000020041202e0c200004

Page 7 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE 2-PNC profit falls 8 pct as charge outweighs growth. 
UPDATE 2-PNC profit falls 8 pct as charge outweighs growth. 
By Jonathan Stempel 
458 words 
20 October 2004 
10:24 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2004 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, Oct 20 (Reuters) - PNC Financial Services Group Inc. (PNC.N), Pennsylvania's largest bank, on 
Wednesday said third-quarter profit fell 8 percent, as a one-time charge more than offset loan and deposit growth 
and a big drop in bad loans. 
The Pittsburgh-based company, which is the 15th-largest U.S. bank, said net income fell to $258 million, or 91 
cents per share, from $281 million, or $1 per share, a year earlier. 
Results include a $42 million charge, or 15 cents per share, related to a long-term incentive plan at BlackRock 
Inc. (BLK.N), a fixed-income manager that PNC controls. 
Excluding the charge, PNC said profit would have been $300 million, or $1.06 per share. On that basis, analysts 
polled by Reuters Estimates on average forecast $1.03 per share. Revenue rose 2 percent to $1.34 billion. 
"Our loan book continued to show strong growth, we continued to increase deposits and banking customers, and 
asset quality improved," said Chief Executive James Rohr in a statement. 
PNC said regional community banking profit rose 10 percent to $134 million, while wholesale banking profit - 
including corporate banking, PNC Real Estate Finance and PNC Business Credit - rose 3 percent to $100 million. 
BlackRock reported a $10 million loss, compared with a year-earlier $40 million profit, while profit at PNC 
Advisors fell 4 percent to $24 million. Assets under management rose 8 percent to $362 billion. 
The bank set aside $13 million for bad loans, down 74 percent. Net charge-offs, or loans on which the bank does 
not expect to be repaid, fell 79 percent to $13 million. Nonperforming assets fell 54 percent to $184 million. 
PNC shares fell 10 cents to $52.10 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange. Through Tuesday, they 
had fallen 5 percent this year, while the Philadelphia KBW Bank Index was roughly unchanged. 
EXPENSES RISE 
The bank said lending income rose 2 percent from a year earlier to $489 million. Fee income rose 2 percent to 
$838 million. Noninterest expense, such as salaries and equipment, rose 19 percent to $981 million, largely 
because of the BlackRock incentive plan. 
Loans rose 15 percent to $42.5 billion, deposits rose 12 percent to $51.2 billion, and assets rose 13 percent to 
$77.3 billion. 
PNC's retail bank serves customers in several Northeast and Midwest U.S. states. 
PNC has yet to close its purchase of Washington D.C.'s Riggs National Corp. (RIGS.O), the storied specialist in 
diplomatic banking whose name has been tarnished by a federal money laundering probe. The purchase was 
originally valued at $779 million. 
Document LBA0000020041020e0ak00674

Page 8 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Pennsylvania business news in brief 
Pennsylvania business news in brief 
161 words 
15 September 2004 
19:15 
Associated Press Newswires 
APRS 
English 
(c) 2004. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. 
PITTSBURGH (AP) - PNC Financial Services Group will ditch its acquisition of Riggs National Corp. if too many 
problems arise from a money laundering investigation, PNC's chief executive officer told analysts. 
"We're watching (events unfold) very closely," CEO James Rohr said Tuesday. "(PNC) will not do something that 
will be shareholder-unfriendly." 
In July, PNC agreed to buy Riggs, which is under investigation for its handling of dictators' and diplomats' 
accounts. Part of the deal requires that Riggs shed all of its diplomatic and international businesses. 
The deal gives PNC a chance to expand into one of the country's most lucrative regions, Rohr said. 
The acquisition is still on track to be completed by the first quarter of next year, Rohr said. 
"I believe strongly that we have protections in place that, should our shareholders have to take on some undue 
risk, I could live without going to Washington, D.C.," he said. 
------ 
7
Document APRS000020040915e09f00ewq

Page 9 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Riggs to give up ghost, agrees to $771.2 million sale to PNC Financial 
Riggs to give up ghost, agrees to $771.2 million sale to PNC Financial 
Hirst, Matt 
153 words 
1 August 2004 
Bank Mergers & Acquisitions 
BMGA 
1
Volume 19; Issue 8; 
English 
Copyright (c) 2004 Bell & Howell Information and Learning Company. All rights reserved. 
Troubled Riggs National Corp (Washington, DC) ended rampant speculation that it was actively seeking a buyer 
when it announced a $771.2 million cash-and-stock sale to PNC Financial Services Group Inc (Pittsburgh, PA). 
The deal comes just 1 day after senators grilled Riggs for severe lapses in oversight, specifically regarding its 
anti-money laundering duties. With so many overhanging issues, PNC said it can walk away in certain 
circumstances. Should regulatory issues arise that PNC was not aware of at the time of the agreement, the 
company would have the opportunity to deal with those in another way, according to PNC chairman and ceo 
James Rohr. None of Riggs directors will be added to PNC's board, and Rohr said Riggs' middle management 
would be heavily supplemented with PNC executives. 
Copyright SNL Securities Aug 2004 
Document BMGA000020040907e08100002

Page 10 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
PNC will buy troubled Riggs; As part of the $779 million deal, the Riggs Bank unit will shed all businesses causing its current regulatory... 
BUSINESS 
PNC will buy troubled Riggs; As part of the $779 million deal, the Riggs Bank unit will shed all businesses 
causing its current regulatory issues. 
ASSOCIATED PRESS 
657 words 
17 July 2004 
The Philadelphia Inquirer 
PHLI 
CITY-D 
D01 
English 
(c) Copyright 2004, The Philadelphia Inquirer. All Rights Reserved. 
PNC Financial Services Group Inc. agreed yesterday to buy Riggs National Corp. for about $779 million in stock 
and cash. Riggs is under investigation after being accused of failing to prevent and in some cases fostering 
money laundering. 
Its Riggs Bank subsidiary, an old-line Washington institution with strong ties to the diplomatic community, has 
been sanctioned by federal regulators and is under congressional investigation for allegedly helping hide money 
for former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet and for other issues. 
As part of the deal with the larger, Pittsburgh-based PNC, Riggs will shed all its diplomatic and international 
businesses - the source of its regulatory troubles. 
PNC said it expected Riggs' current regulatory issues to be mostly resolved before the deal closes, but the 
merger agreement gives PNC the right to walk away if significant new regulatory troubles arise for Riggs before 
then. 
"PNC didn't need this," said Richard X. Bove, an analyst in Tampa, Fla., for Hoefer & Arnett, referring to Riggs' 
regulatory woes. "It was in the news enough itself a little while ago." 
A year ago, PNC paid $115 million to settle U.S. Justice Department charges that it hid bad loans on its books. 
The bank holding company initially spurned regulators' orders to restate its books. 
The largest bank in Pennsylvania, PNC has seen its market share slip from 14.2 percent of deposits in the state 
in 2000 to 13 percent a year ago, in the most recent data compiled by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Rivals 
Wachovia and Citizens have grown. 
PNC didn't view itself as a retail bank until recently, said Wilson Smith, an analyst with Boenning & Scattergood, a 
brokerage firm in West Conshohocken. 
"They don't really own any of their markets," he said. Through Riggs, it gets the seventh largest bank in the 
Washington market, according to the FDIC. "They're not in Maryland. They're not in Virginia. It is a leap," Smith 
said. 
The Riggs name will disappear and be replaced by PNC at the bank's 50 branches in Washington, Maryland and 
Virginia. 
"The Riggs we will acquire will not be the same as the Riggs of today," PNC chief executive officer James Rohr 
said in a conference call with analysts. "We will be acquiring a clean company, to the best of our knowledge." 
Riggs was fined $25 million in May by federal banking regulators for alleged violations of laws against money 
laundering in its handling of cash transactions in Saudi-controlled accounts under investigation for possible links 
to terrorism financing. 
The deal values Riggs' shares at $24.25 each, a 7 percent premium over their Thursday close, but yesterday on 
the Nasdaq Stock Market, Riggs shares were up only 5 cents at $22.72. PNC shares slipped 67 cents to $50.56 
on the New York Stock Exchange.

Page 11 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
The proposed merger announcement comes a day after senators investigating Riggs operations expressed 
outrage at senior bank officials' failure to act while managers helped Chile's Pinochet hide millions in assets and 
turned a blind eye to improper payments to officials of Equatorial Guinea. 
Lawmakers insisted it was impossible for high-level bank executives to be unaware of the actions. 
Under the agreement announced yesterday, PNC is offering $321 million in cash and 7.5 million of its common 
shares. 
The boards of directors of both banks unanimously approved the deal, PNC said. 
Riggs earned $3.9 million in the first quarter, down from $5.9 million a year earlier. Annual earnings have not 
exceeded $25 million since 1999. 
PNC Financial's flagship is PNC Bank, which operates in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, Kentucky and 
Ohio. It had annual revenue last year of nearly $6 billion. 
Inquirer staff writer Todd Mason contributed to this article. 
Document PHLI000020060604e07h00922

Page 12 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
PNC Financial Group to buy Riggs Corp. 
PNC Financial Group to buy Riggs Corp. 
By Marcy Gordon Associated Press 
341 words 
17 July 2004 
Deseret Morning News 
DN 
D09 
English 
(c) 2004 Deseret News Publishing Co. 
WASHINGTON -- PNC Financial Services Group is buying Riggs National Corp. in a $779 million deal that will 
shutter the embassy and foreign businesses that were Riggs Bank's hallmark -- but led to a $25 million fine and 
government scrutiny over its treatment of dictators' and diplomats' accounts. The cash-and-stock merger was 
announced Friday by Pittsburgh-based PNC, a regional banking powerhouse more than 12 times bigger than 
Riggs, an old-line Washington institution with a virtual monopoly on business with the capital's diplomatic 
community. As part of the deal, Riggs will shed all of its diplomatic and international businesses. PNC said it 
expects Riggs' current regulatory issues to be mostly resolved before the deal closes in early 2005, but the 
merger agreement gives PNC the right to walk away if significant new regulatory troubles arise for Riggs before 
then. The Riggs name also will be replaced by PNC at the bank's 50 or so branches in Washington, Maryland and 
Virginia. 
"The Riggs we will acquire will not be the same as the Riggs of today," PNC chief executive James Rohr said in 
a conference call with analysts. "We will be acquiring a clean company, to the best of our knowledge." The 
merger deal values Riggs' shares at $24.25 each, a 7 percent premium over their Thursday close, but Riggs 
shares finished up only up 5 cents, or 0.2 percent, at $22.72 Friday on the Nasdaq Stock Market. PNC shares 
slipped 67 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.56 on the New York Stock Exchange. Under the agreement, PNC is 
offering $321 million in cash and 7.5 million of its common shares. With some 13 million Riggs shares according 
to a recent filing, the bank's former chairman and chief executive Joseph Allbritton and his family could collect 
more than $315 million from the merger. Rohr said PNC was buying Riggs to gain access to the "extremely 
appealing" metropolitan Washington marketplace. 
Document DN00000020040717e07h00014

Page 13 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
PNC Fincl Svcs To Buy Riggs National For $24.25/Shr >PNC 
PNC Fincl Svcs To Buy Riggs National For $24.25/Shr >PNC 
106 words 
16 July 2004 
08:44 
Dow Jones Chinese Financial Wire 
DJCFWE 
English 
Copyright (c) 2004, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
PITTSBURGH (Dow Jones)--PNC Financial Services Group Inc. (PNC) signed a definitive agreement to buy 
Riggs National Corp. (RIGS) for $779 million in cash and stock. 
PNC has offered $24.25 a share, a premium of 7% based on yesterday's closing price of $22.67. 
'Riggs's strong banking franchise gives us an excellent platform on which to build in the extremely appealing 
metropolitan Washington marketplace,' said PNC Chief Executive James Rohr in a written statement on Friday. 
Riggs, with $6 billion in assets, has 50 branches in the Washington D.C. area. 
- - 
Document DJCFWE0020040716e07g008px

Page 14 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE: PNC To Acquire Troubled Riggs For $779M 
UPDATE: PNC To Acquire Troubled Riggs For $779M 
By Peter Loftus 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
1,092 words 
16 July 2004 
14:48 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(c) 2004 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
PHILADELPHIA (Dow Jones)--PNC Financial Services Group Inc. (PNC) said Friday it agreed to acquire for $779 
million Riggs National Corp. (RIGS), the Washington banking firm that has fallen under government scrutiny for 
suspicious dealings with foreign leaders. 
PNC, Pittsburgh, agreed to pay $24.25 in stock and cash for each Riggs share, which represents a 6% premium 
to Riggs' recent share price, which was $22.92 in afternoon trading Friday, up 25 cents for the day. PNC shares 
fell 43 cents to $50.80. 
The companies expect the deal to close in the first quarter of 2005. PNC said it expects the acquisition to reduce 
its earnings in 2005 and 2006, but to add to earnings beginning in 2007. 
PNC executives said they like Riggs' base of about 50 bank branches in the Washington area, giving PNC entry 
into what it believes is a lucrative banking market. PNC will continue Riggs' existing plans to expand by about 30 
branches in the next three years. Riggs has $6 billion in assets, while PNC has about $70 billion in assets. 
But the deal comes on the heels of months of government scrutiny of Riggs for its suspicious dealings with 
foreign leaders. In May, regulators fined Riggs $25 million for various alleged money-laundering violations related 
to diplomats' accounts. Riggs has been accused of failing to report suspicious transactions by Saudi diplomats in 
Washington and Augusto Pinochet, the former Chilean dictator. A Senate panel this week released details of the 
transactions. 
The problems have tarnished the reputation of a bank that has held accounts for U.S. presidents in its 165-year 
history. But PNC executives said Friday that Riggs' legal woes wouldn't pose a serious problem. 
PNC said Riggs plans to sell its international and embassy units, which were the source of the suspicious 
dealings with foreign leaders. Also, PNC officials said it expects most of the regulatory issues to be resolved by 
the time the deal closes. 
PNC said the terms of the acquisition agreement allow PNC to walk away from the deal if "material adverse 
changes" or "material regulatory impairments" arise. 
"The Riggs we will acquire will not be the same as the Riggs of today," PNC Chief Executive James Rohr told 
analysts on a conference call. He added later: "We will be acquiring a clean company, to the best of our 
knowledge." 
Once the deal closes, PNC will implement processes to ensure that "such troubles don't recur," he said. 
Rohr said PNC is protected against new troubles that may surface. "Surprises can happen," he said. "If they do, 
we believe we've got the contract language...that will allow us not to acquire a burdensome or penalizing 
franchise." 
Wall Street analysts peppered PNC executives with questions about Riggs' legal woes. But several analysts 
seemed satisfied that PNC's risk in acquiring Riggs was mitigated by the planned sale of the international and 
embassy units, and PNC's communications with regulators to ensure that the matters will be resolved.

Page 15 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"Given that PNC successfully navigated through its own regulatory issues during the past two years, it is well 
equipped to deal with Riggs' matters," Standard & Poor's analyst John Bartko said in a press release which 
announced S&P had affirmed stable credit rating for PNC. 
Bartko was referring to scrutiny of PNC's accounting by the Federal Reserve Board and the Securities and 
Exchange Commission in 2002. That year, PNC agreed to pay a $25 million fine and set up a $90 million 
restitution fund as part of a deferred-prosecution agreement with federal prosecutors investigating the bank's 
accounting methods. 
Analysts also asked about the price PNC agreed to pay for Riggs. PNC is buying Riggs near its 52-week high of 
$23.30 set on Wednesday, up 58% from the year-low of $14.70 in February. 
On the conference call, one analyst said the terms imply a price-to-earnings ratio of 35 for Riggs, which would be 
relatively high. But PNC executives said Riggs has had poor earnings, partly due to embassy and international 
banking that were barely profitable. By getting rid of these units and investing in expansion of the remaining 
businesses, PNC should be able to make Riggs more profitable, they said. 
"We're paying a fair price for entry into this market," Rohr said, referring to Riggs' base of bank branches in 
Washington, Maryland and Virginia. He added that PNC is "taking a long-term view here." 
Rohr also said PNC estimated the internal rate of return on the Riggs purchase would exceed 16%, which is more 
than PNC could expect from using its cash for a share repurchase program. 
But it will involve up-front costs. "Based on preliminary evaluation, we do not see this deal as a positive for PNC 
near term and we would expect to reduce our estimates to reflect dilution associated with the deal," Oppenheimer 
analyst Jennifer Thompson wrote in a research note. She doesn't own shares of PNC and Oppenheimer hasn't 
performed investment-banking services for PNC recently. 
Thompson added that the deal "should also eliminate near-term potential of PNC as a takeout candidate." Some 
investors have speculated that PNC would be acquired in the wave of consolidation in the banking industry. 
Earlier this year, J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. (JPM) agreed to acquire Bank One Corp. (ONE), and Bank of America 
Corp. (BAC) recently acquired FleetBoston Financial. 
Under the terms of the deal, Riggs shareholders would receive stock or cash from PNC. PNC will issue about 7.5 
million of its shares plus $321 million cash, a ratio that is subject to adjustment. 
That would mean a big payout for Joseph Allbritton, the largest Riggs shareholder, who has agreed to vote 24.6% 
of outstanding Riggs shares in favor of the acquisition, PNC said, which represents the number of shares he 
directly controls. Allbritton is the former chairman and CEO who stepped down from Riggs' board in April. 
According to Riggs' last proxy statement, Allbritton beneficially owned 13.1 million Riggs shares as of March 12, 
or about 40.5% of shares outstanding. These include shares jointly owned with his wife and son. With 13.1 million 
shares, Allbritton and his family stand to collect more than $315 million from the sale of Riggs to PNC. 
-By Peter Loftus, Dow Jones Newswires; 215-656-8289; peter.loftus@dowjones.com [ 07-16-04 1448ET ] 
Document DJ00000020040716e07g000bt

Page 16 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
PNC CEO: 'Riggs We Acquire Won't Be Same Riggs Of Today' 
PNC CEO: 'Riggs We Acquire Won't Be Same Riggs Of Today' 
By Peter Loftus 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
736 words 
16 July 2004 
10:09 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(c) 2004 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
PHILADELPHIA (Dow Jones)--PNC Financial Services Group Inc.'s (PNC) chief executive said Friday the 
banking company is paying a "fair price" to acquire Riggs National Corp. (RIGS), which has come under 
government scrutiny for suspicious dealings with foreign leaders. 
In a conference call with analysts and investors, PNC Chief Executive James Rohr said PNC estimated the 
internal rate of return on the $779 million Riggs purchase would exceed 16%, which is more than PNC could 
expect from a share repurchase program of a similar size. 
"We're paying a fair price for entry into this market," Rohr said, referring to Riggs' base of bank branches in 
Washington, Maryland and Virginia. He added that PNC is "taking a long-term view here." 
Pittsburgh-based PNC said Friday it agreed to acquire Riggs, of Washington, for $24.25 per share, or about $779 
million in stock and cash. Riggs shares rose 25 cents to $22.92 in early trading Friday. PNC shares fell $1.69 to 
$49.54. 
Riggs' shares reached a 52-week high of $23.30 on Wednesday, up 58% from the year-low of $14.70 in 
February. 
PNC said the acquisition would reduce its earnings in 2005 and 2006, then add to its earnings beginning in 2007, 
and that its internal rate of return on the deal would exceed 16%. 
Under the terms of the deal, Riggs shareholders would receive stock or cash from PNC. PNC will issue about 7.5 
million of its shares plus $321 million cash, a ratio that is subject to adjustment. The companies expect to close 
the deal in the first quarter of 2005. 
The deal comes on the heels of months of government scrutiny of Riggs for its suspicious dealings with foreign 
leaders. In May, regulators fined Riggs $25 million for various money-laundering violations related to diplomats' 
accounts. Riggs has been accused of failing to report suspicious transactions by Saudi diplomats in Washington 
and Augusto Pinochet, the former Chilean dictator. A Senate panel this week released details of the transactions. 
PNC said Riggs would divest itself of its international and embassy units before the deal closes. 
"The Riggs we will acquire will not be the same as the Riggs of today," Rohr said. 
He added: "We will be acquiring a clean company, to the best of our knowledge." 
The acquisition agreement has clauses that allow PNC to back out of the deal if a "material adverse change" 
occurs, and if a "adverse regulatory impairment" emerges, PNC executives said. [ 07-16-04 1049ET ] 
On the conference call, analysts peppered PNC executives with questions about Riggs' legal woes. Many asked 
how PNC can protect itself against future liabilities. 
PNC CEO Rohr said he expects most regulatory issues surrounding Riggs to be resolved by the deal's closing, 
which is scheduled for the first quarter of 2005. Once the deal closes, PNC will implement processes to ensure 
that "such troubles don't recur," he said.

Page 17 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Rohr said PNC is protected against new troubles that may surface. "Surprises can happen," he said. "If they do, 
we believe we've got the contract language ... that will allow us not to acquire a burdensome or penalizing 
franchise." 
Rohr said he has spoken with federal regulators, who have indicated they welcome a PNC acquisition of Riggs. 
PNC will be sure to speak with federal agencies with any potential interest in Riggs before the deal closes, he 
said. He expects any third parties with claims against Riggs to identify themselves "prior to closing." 
PNC executive also were asked about the $779 million price tag for Riggs. One analyst said the terms imply a 
price-to-earnings ratio of 35 for Riggs, which would be relatively high. 
Rohr said the price was fair considering that Riggs will be shedding the international and embassy units, which 
weren't particularly profitable. PNC will invest more in Riggs' remaining businesses, including bank branches, 
which should drive higher earnings growth than Riggs historically achieved, he said. 
"This acquisition gives PNC a market-leading entry point to an extremely attractive set of business opportunities," 
Rohr said. 
PNC will proceed with Riggs' existing plans to add 30 new branches, primarily in regions outside Washington. 
-By Peter Loftus, Dow Jones Newswires; 215-656-8289; peter.loftus@dowjones.com [ 07-16-04 1145ET ] 
Document DJ00000020040716e07g0005n

Page 18 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
PNC To Buy Riggs
PNC To Buy Riggs 
630 words 
16 July 2004 
08:11 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(c) 2004 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
Corrected July 16, 2004 09:09 ET (13:09 GMT) [ 07-16-04 0813ET ] 
PITTSBURGH (Dow Jones)--PNC Financial Services Group Inc. (PNC) signed a definitive agreement to buy 
Riggs National Corp. (RIGS) for $779 million in cash and stock. 
PNC has offered $24.25 a share, a premium of 7% based on yesterday's closing price of $22.67. 
"Riggs's strong banking franchise gives us an excellent platform on which to build in the extremely appealing 
metropolitan Washington marketplace," said PNC Chief Executive James Rohr in a written statement on Friday. 
Riggs, with $6 billion in assets, has 50 branches in the Washington D.C. area. [ 07-16-04 0825ET ] 
Riggs stock was halted shortly after the news was released. 
In a press release on Friday, PNC said it expects the transaction to help its earnings per share in 2007 and 
forecast an internal rate of return that "exceeds 16%." 
The companies have no branch overlap. PNC said it plans to open more branches in Riggs geographical market. 
PNC expects the deal to reduce its operating expenses by $82 million by allowing it to eliminate redundant 
operations. The estimate is before costs associated with the planned expansion. [ 07-16-04 0840ET ] 
The $24.25-a-share price is based on PNC's Wednesday closing price of $51.70. Riggs shareholders will be able 
to choose cash or stock in the deal, subject to proration. 
PNC is offering $321 million in cash and 7.5 million of its common shares. 
The final value of the deal will be set by PNC's average share price shortly before the close, which is expected in 
the first quarter of 2005. 
PNC said the deal was unanimously approved by both boards. In addition it said shareholder Joseph L. Allbritton 
agreed to vote 24.6% of Riggs stock in favor of the deal. 
After the deal is completed, Riggs plans to merge into PNC and Riggs branches will assume the PNC name. [ 
07-16-04 0853ET ] 
PNC Financial Services Groups Inc. (PNC) expects second-quarter income of $304 million, or $1.07 a share. 
(A headline at 8:13 a.m. EDT misstated the period for the projection.) [ 07-16-04 0907ET ] 
Also on Friday, PNC forecast second-quarter earnings of $304 million, or $1.07 a share. 
A survey of 12 analysts by Thomson First Call projects $1.01 a share. Last year, the company earned $184.0 
million, or 65 cents a share, in the second quarter. Earnings excluding items were 96 cents a share. 
PNC said higher second-quarter earnings were driven by noninterest income and lower credit costs. 
Riggs has recently been under fire from lawmakers and regulators because of a number of its dealings with 
foreign customers.

Page 19 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Earlier this year, regulators imposed a $25 million civil fine on its Riggs Bank N.A. unit, alleging it violated money 
laundering laws through its oversight of accounts held by diplomats from Saudi Arabia and Equatorial Guinea. 
Riggs neither admitted nor denied wrongdoing, according to an earlier Dow Jones report. 
Also, a U.S. government probe accused the company of helping former Chilean dictator Gen. Augusto Pinochet 
hide wealth in U.S. bank accounts, according to another report.1 
"We are confident, following completion of our due diligence work, that we can successfully work through the 
regulatory issues that have been identified at Riggs," said PNC President Joe Guyaux the company's press 
release on Friday. 
Riggs indicated it was open to a merger in May when it hired Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (LEH) to help 
explore a possible sale. 
Company Web sites: http://www.riggsbank.com 
http://www.pncbank.com 
-Ian Salisbury; Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-5400; AskNewswires@dowjones.com [ 07-16-04 1013ET ] 
Document DJ00000020040716e07g0002j

Page 20 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
J.P. Morgan Reports 38% Growth in Net 
International News 
J.P. Morgan Reports 38% Growth in Net 
By Mitchell Pacelle 
578 words 
22 April 2004 
The Asian Wall Street Journal 
AWSJ 
A4 
English 
(c) 2004 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. To see the edition in which this article appeared, click here 
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. of New York, which is preparing to complete its merger with Bank One Corp. of 
Chicago, reported a 38% increase in first-quarter net income, citing strong investment-banking results and 
continued improvements in corporate credit quality. 
Bank of New York Co. and Pittsburgh-based PNC Financial Services Group also reported first-quarter earnings 
gains, continuing a strong quarter for the U.S. banking industry as the recovering economy lifts nearly all banking 
sectors. 
Nevertheless, the specter of an interest-rate increase by the Federal Reserve later this year has left many 
investors wary of bank stocks in the past week. Historically, rate increases have hit shares of financial-services 
firms somewhat indiscriminately, despite the fact that some are more vulnerable to such rate increases than 
others. J.P. Morgan's shares were down 74 cents, or 1.9%, at $37.80 Wednesday morning in New York Stock 
Exchange trading. 
J.P. Morgan Chase reported quarterly net income of $1.93 billion, or 92 cents a share, compared with $1.4 billion, 
or 69 cents a share, in the year-earlier period. Revenue rose 6.8% to $8.98 billion from $8.41 billion a year earlier. 
William Harrison Jr., J.P. Morgan's chairman and chief executive, attributed the increase to "stronger results in 
our capital markets-related businesses and continued improvement in our commercial credit portfolio. This 
combined strength more than offset the anticipated earnings decline in Chase Financial Services as mortgage 
originations declined." 
Earnings at J.P. Morgan's investment bank rose 24% to $1.1 billion, its best quarterly results in more than three 
years, even though revenue dropped 1%. The bank cited improvements in equity and fixed-income capital 
markets, including record trading revenue. In addition, commercial credit quality continued to improve. 
JPMorgan Partners, the company's venture-capital arm, swung to profit of $115 million from a loss of $223 million 
in the year-earlier quarter. The unit had been piling up losses for several years following the bursting of the 
telecommunications and dot-com market bubbles. 
Results on the consumer-banking side were weaker. Quarterly earnings declined 34% to $427 million, and 
revenue dropped 8%. The end of the home-refinancing boom caused earnings in the Chase Home Finance unit 
to plunge 48%, as revenue dropped 29%. Automobile finance earnings fell 19%. 
Its regional banking operations reported a quarterly loss of $15 million, compared with income of $27 million a 
year earlier. 
Bank of New York, which produces much of its income from fee-generating operations such as securities 
processing and trust services, reported net income of $364 million, or 47 cents a share, up 23% from $295 
million, or 41 cents a share, in the year-earlier quarter. 
Chairman and CEO Thomas A. Renyi said, "The investor-services and execution and clearing businesses 
benefited from improving market conditions, higher global equity-trading volumes and increased activity by retail 
investors." 
PNC reported first-quarter net income of $328 million, or $1.15 a share, up 25% from $262 million, or 92 cents a 
share, a year earlier. Revenue rose 8.2% to $1.41 billion from $1.3 billion.

Page 21 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"Our strategy for growth is working," said James Rohr, chairman and CEO. "While the first quarter included some 
one-time items, our core businesses are generating momentum." 
Document AWSJ000020040421e04m0000j 
Search Summary 
Text James Rohr 
Date 01/01/2004 to 01/01/2005 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. Or RIGGS 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

