Page 1 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Aerospace and Defense; Honeywell to Acquire EMS Technologies, Inc. for $491 Million..............................................2 
Honeywell To Buy EMS Technologies For $491 Million..................................................................................................4 
Honeywell to Acquire EMS Technologies for $491 Million ..............................................................................................5 
Honeywell to Buy Mobile-Computer Maker .....................................................................................................................7 
Corporate Watch .............................................................................................................................................................8 
Honeywell Acquiring EMS Technologies.......................................................................................................................10 
Honeywell To Acquire EMS Technologies For $491 Million..........................................................................................11 
UPDATE 2-Honeywell to buy EMS Tech for $491 mln cash.........................................................................................12 
Honeywell To Buy EMS Technologies For $491 Million, A 33% Premium....................................................................14

Page 2 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Aerospace and Defense; Honeywell to Acquire EMS Technologies, Inc. for $491 Million 
Aerospace and Defense; Honeywell to Acquire EMS Technologies, Inc. for $491 Million 
979 words 
29 June 2011 
Telecommunications Weekly 
TELWK 
136 
English 
© Copyright 2011 Telecommunications Weekly via VerticalNews.com 
2011 JUN 29 - (VerticalNews.com) -- Honeywell (NYSE: HON) announced that it has signed a definitive 
agreement to acquire EMS Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: ELMG), a leading provider of connectivity solutions for 
mobile networking, rugged mobile computers, and satellite communications, for $33 per share in cash, or an 
aggregate purchase price of approximately $491 million, net of cash acquired. The purchase price translates to 
approximately 13 times EMS's 2010 earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), or 
approximately 9 times 2010 EBITDA excluding certain corporate costs. The agreement provides for a subsidiary 
of Honeywell to commence a tender offer within 10 business days to purchase all outstanding shares of EMS. 
The acquisition will enhance Honeywell's existing capabilities in rugged mobile computing technologies and 
satellite communications within its Automation and Control Solutions (ACS) and Aerospace businesses. EMS's 
$181 million Global Resource Management (GRM) division provides highly ruggedized mobile computing 
products and services for use in transportation, logistics, and workforce management settings as well as secure 
satellite-based asset tracking and messaging technology for search and rescue, warehousing, and field force 
automation environments. Through its $174 million Aviation division, EMS provides terminals, antennas, in-cabin 
network devices, rugged data storage, and surveillance applications predominantly for use on aircraft and in other 
data gathering objectives. 
"EMS is a terrific addition to Honeywell, adding leading positions in attractive markets that are closely aligned with 
favorable trends in the growing Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance, and 
Reconnaissance (C4ISR) space and commercial aerospace, as well as being highly complementary to our 
existing Scanning and Mobility business," said Honeywell Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Dave Cote. 
"Honeywell is uniquely positioned to acquire EMS due to the strategic fit across EMS's Global Resource 
Management and Aviation divisions. The acquisition brings engineering expertise, differentiated technologies, 
global reach, and profitable adjacent segments that build upon our great positions in good industries and enhance 
our growth profile." 
EMS's GRM division offers a broad range of solutions for supply chain logistics, mobile workforce management, 
and remote asset monitoring applications, supported by hundreds of partners worldwide. EMS's proven mobile 
resource management solutions include LXE-branded rugged handheld and vehicle-mounted computers featuring 
multiple radio technologies and satellite-based global tracking and monitoring solutions for cargo, fleet assets, 
and personnel. 
"This is another terrific transaction for our Scanning and Mobility business," said Honeywell Automation and 
Control Solutions President and Chief Executive Officer Roger Fradin. "EMS strengthens our core mobile 
computing business and expands our addressable market with complementary new products, channel partners, 
and entry into the warehousing and port segments that we believe will be growth drivers for the business. This 
also represents an opportunity to demonstrate our proven acquisition integration process." 
EMS Aviation designs and manufactures satellite-based broadband communication systems that enable 
worldwide high-speed Internet and voice and video capabilities. The Aviation division serves a broad base of 
commercial and defense customers, delivering leading-edge antenna systems and beam-management 
capabilities for mobile network-centric operations, radar for battlefield visibility, and commercial aerospace 
connectivity. 
"Combining EMS products into our Aerospace business means that Honeywell can now deliver the next big leap 
in satcom technology, a key growth area for aerospace," said Honeywell Aerospace President and Chief 
Executive Officer Tim Mahoney. "Our customers will greatly benefit from these new products and solutions, 
enabling them to leverage the strong global growth of high-speed wireless and satellite data services." 
Honeywell has been informed that all directors and officers of EMS intend to tender all of their respective shares 
in the Offer. The Offer will be subject to the tender of a majority of EMS's shares and customary closing

Page 3 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
conditions, including regulatory approvals. The transaction is expected to close in the third quarter of 2011. 
Although the transaction would be dilutive in 2011 by three to four cents, it is not expected to impact the 
company's previously announced 2011 earnings per share guidance range, and Honeywell anticipates it to be 
accretive in 2012. 
The tender offer described in this news release has not been commenced. This announcement and the 
description contained herein is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell shares of EMS. At 
the time the tender offer is commenced, Honeywell and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Egret Acquisition Corp., 
intend to file a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO containing an offer to purchase, forms of letters of 
transmittal, and other documents relating to the tender offer and EMS intends to file a 
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 with respect to the tender offer. Honeywell, Egret 
Acquisition Corp., and EMS intend to mail these documents to the stockholders of EMS. These documents will 
contain important information about the tender offer and stockholders of EMS are urged to read them carefully 
when they become available. Stockholders of EMS will be able to obtain a free copy of these documents (when 
they become available) and other documents filed by EMS, Honeywell, or Egret Acquisition Corp. with the SEC at 
the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. In addition, stockholders will be able to obtain a free copy of 
these documents (when they become available) from the information agent named in the offer to purchase or 
from Honeywell. 
Honeywell (www.honeywell.com) is a Fortune 100 diversified technology and manufacturing leader, serving 
customers worldwide with aerospace products and services; control technologies for buildings, homes, and 
industry; automotive products; turbochargers; and specialty materials. Based in Morris Township, N.J., 
Honeywell's shares are traded on the New York, London, and Chicago Stock Exchanges. For more news and 
information on Honeywell, please visit www.honeywellnow.com. 
This article was prepared by Telecommunications Weekly editors from staff and other reports. Copyright 2011, 
Telecommunications Weekly via VerticalNews.com. 
Document TELWK00020110624e76t00036

Page 4 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Honeywell To Buy EMS Technologies For $491 Million 
Airframers/Suppliers 
Honeywell To Buy EMS Technologies For $491 Million 
Madhu Unnikrishnan 
223 words 
20 June 2011 
The Weekly of Business Aviation 
BA 
5
ISSN: 5099-9528, Volume 92, Issue 25 
English 
(Copyright 2011 McGraw-Hill, Inc.) 
Honeywell is acquiring EMS Technologies, an Atlanta-based network and satellite communications company, for 
$491 million, and the deal is expected to close in the third quarter. 
Honeywell is paying $33 per share in cash, or 13 times EMS Technologies’ earnings before interest, taxes, 
depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), say the companies. EMS will be split between Honeywell’s Automation 
and Control Solutions (ACS) and Aerospace groups. EMS’s $181 million Global Resource Management group will 
merge with Honeywell ACS, while EMS’ $174 million Aviation business will become part of Honeywell Aerospace. 
EMS specializes in rugged mobile communications technologies, and the company has been a supplier to 
Honeywell. “The acquisition brings engineering expertise, differentiated technologies, global reach and profitable 
adjacent segments that build upon our great positions in good industries and enhance our growth profile,” says 
Honeywell Chairman and CEO Dave Cote. 
Honeywell paid a premium to buy EMS, says RBC Capital Markets analyst Robert Stallard. “Honeywell has ample 
financial capacity to bolt on companies like EMS, but we think investors may have concerns that Honeywell is 
paying a high price in deploying this surplus capital,” he notes. Although Wall Street has not expressed concerns 
about the deal, Stallard adds, “We would prefer to see future acquisitions done below 13 times EBITDA.” 
Document BA00000020110705e76k0000e

Page 5 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Honeywell to Acquire EMS Technologies for $491 Million 
Honeywell to Acquire EMS Technologies for $491 Million 
593 words 
18 June 2011 
Wireless News 
WLNW 
English 
(c) 2011. Close-Up Media, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Honeywell announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire EMS Technologies, Inc., a provider of 
connectivity solutions for mobile networking, rugged mobile computers, and satellite communications, for $33 per 
share in cash, or an aggregate purchase price of approximately $491 million, net of cash acquired. 
The Company said the purchase price translates to approximately 13 times EMS's 2010 earnings before interest, 
taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), or approximately 9 times 2010 EBITDA excluding certain 
corporate costs. The agreement provides for a subsidiary of Honeywell to commence a tender offer within 10 
business days to purchase all outstanding shares of EMS. 
The acquisition will enhance Honeywell's existing capabilities in rugged mobile computing technologies and 
satellite communications within its Automation and Control Solutions (ACS) and Aerospace businesses, 
according to the Company. EMS's $181 million Global Resource Management (GRM) division provides highly 
ruggedized mobile computing products and services for use in transportation, logistics, and workforce 
management settings as well as secure satellite-based asset tracking and messaging technology for search and 
rescue, warehousing, and field force automation environments. Through its $174 million Aviation division, EMS 
provides terminals, antennas, in-cabin network devices, rugged data storage, and surveillance applications 
predominantly for use on aircraft and in other data gathering objectives. 
"EMS is a terrific addition to Honeywell, adding leading positions in attractive markets that are closely aligned with 
favorable trends in the growing Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance, and 
Reconnaissance (C4ISR) space and commercial aerospace, as well as being highly complementary to our 
existing Scanning and Mobility business," said Honeywell Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Dave Cote. 
"Honeywell is uniquely positioned to acquire EMS due to the strategic fit across EMS's Global Resource 
Management and Aviation divisions. The acquisition brings engineering expertise, differentiated technologies, 
global reach, and profitable adjacent segments that build upon our great positions in good industries and enhance 
our growth profile." 
EMS's GRM division offers a broad range of solutions for supply chain logistics, mobile workforce management, 
and remote asset monitoring applications, supported by hundreds of partners worldwide. EMS's proven mobile 
resource management solutions include LXE-branded rugged handheld and vehicle-mounted computers featuring 
multiple radio technologies and satellite-based global tracking and monitoring solutions for cargo, fleet assets, 
and personnel. 
"This is another terrific transaction for our Scanning and Mobility business," said Honeywell Automation and 
Control Solutions President and Chief Executive Officer Roger Fradin. "EMS strengthens our core mobile 
computing business and expands our addressable market with complementary new products, channel partners, 
and entry into the warehousing and port segments that we believe will be growth drivers for the business. This 
also represents an opportunity to demonstrate our proven acquisition integration process." 
EMS Aviation designs and manufactures satellite-based broadband communication systems that enable 
worldwide high-speed Internet and voice and video capabilities. The Aviation division serves a broad base of 
commercial and defense customers, delivering leading-edge antenna systems and beam-management 
capabilities for mobile network-centric operations, radar for battlefield visibility, and commercial aerospace 
connectivity. 
"Combining EMS products into our Aerospace business means that Honeywell can now deliver the next big leap 
in satcom technology, a key growth area for aerospace," said Honeywell Aerospace President and Chief 
Executive Officer Tim Mahoney. "Our customers will greatly benefit from these new products and solutions, 
enabling them to leverage the strong global growth of high-speed wireless and satellite data services."

Page 6 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
More information: 
honeywell.com 
((Comments on this story may be sent to newsdesk@closeupmedia.com)) 
Document WLNW000020110622e76i00044

Page 7 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Honeywell to Buy Mobile-Computer Maker 
Tech 
Honeywell to Buy Mobile-Computer Maker 
By Melodie Warner And Andy Pasztor 
435 words 
13 June 2011 
20:41 
The Wall Street Journal Online 
WSJO 
English 
Copyright 2011 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
Honeywell International Inc. agreed to buy mobile-computer maker EMS Technologies Inc. for about $491 million, 
a move that expands its mobile-computing business into the warehousing and port segments. 
Honeywell's $33-a-share cash tender offer is a 33% premium to EMS's Friday closing share price of $24.80. 
"Honeywell is uniquely positioned to acquire EMS due to the strategic fit across EMS's Global Resource 
Management and Aviation divisions," said Chairman and Chief Executive Dave Cote. "The acquisition brings 
engineering expertise, differentiated technologies, global reach and profitable adjacent segments that build upon 
our great positions in good industries and enhance our growth profile." 
EMS disclosed in April it had received inquiries from potential suitors. The company, which also provides mobile 
networking and satellite communications, had been under pressure from hedge fund MMI Investments, holder of 
a 7.7% stake, which had nominated four candidates to the company's 10-member board. 
Last month, EMS said its first-quarter earnings quadrupled as sales jumped 18%, reflecting the launch of its 
Aspire family of airborne-communication systems. 
Honeywell expects to complete the transaction in the third quarter. The company backed its full-year guidance, 
though the deal will dilute per-share earnings by three cents to four cents. 
For Honeywell's aerospace business, the proposed acquisition provides another entree into the growing market 
for providing data and Internet connectivity to both aircraft and passengers. 
"We've always been attracted to satellite communications" and how Honeywell can ramp up supplying hardware 
and some services to passengers while also beaming more data to and from cockpits, according to Rob Wilson, 
president of the company's business and general aviation segments. 
In an interview Monday, the Honeywell official said the two firms have worked together previously on limited 
business jet applications, and the proposal reflects the desire to expand Honeywell's offerings in an area "where 
we don't already play" in a big way. 
EMS makes antennas and other onboard systems to promote connectivity aboard planes. Unlike other parts of 
Honeywell, its aerospace unit until now has largely avoided growth through acquisitions. But the proposed 
combination, according to Mr. Wilson, gives customers "one place to go" to move data on and off aircraft. 
Honeywell is betting that satellite connectivity aboard planes will be one of the industry's bright spots for years to 
come. The proposed acquisition also is intended to enhance surveillance work for the Pentagon and other 
national-security agencies. 
Write to Melodie Warner at melodie.warner@dowjones.com 
Document WSJO000020110614e76e000e1

Page 8 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Corporate Watch
Corporate Watch 
572 words 
14 June 2011 
The Wall Street Journal 
J
B7 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2011, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
EBAY 
Auction Site Settles 
Lawsuits Over GSI Deal 
EBay Inc. agreed to settle lawsuits over its planned acquisition of GSI Commerce Inc. by making an additional 
payment to GSI shareholders and selling some assets to GSI Chief Executive Michael Rubin. 
EBay also agreed to sell GSI's licensed sports merchandise business and a 70% stake in ShopRunner and Rue 
La La to a newly formed holding company led by Mr. Rubin, the GSI founder and CEO. 
EBay agreed in March to buy e-commerce company GSI for $2.4 billion in cash and debt in a move that would 
extend the Internet auction pioneer's reach and make it a bigger rival to Amazon.com Inc. 
-- Melodie Warner 
--- 
HONEYWELL 
Honeywell to Purchase 
EMS Technologies 
Honeywell International Inc. agreed to buy mobile-computer maker EMS Technologies Inc. for about $491 million, 
a move that expands its mobile-computing business into the warehousing and port segments. 
"Honeywell is uniquely positioned to acquire EMS due to the strategic fit across EMS's Global Resource 
Management and Aviation divisions," said Chairman and Chief Executive Dave Cote. "The acquisition brings 
engineering expertise, differentiated technologies, global reach and profitable adjacent segments that build upon 
our great positions in good industries and enhance our growth profile." 
Honeywell expects to complete the transaction in the third quarter. The company backed its full-year guidance, 
though the deal will dilute per-share earnings by three cents to four cents. 
-- Melodie Warner 
--- 
MEDIA INDUSTRY 
Time Warner Acquires 
New Wave's Cable Systems 
Time Warner Cable Inc. agreed to acquire New Wave Communications' cable systems in Kentucky and western 
Tennessee for $260 million. 
Under the deal, expected to close in the fourth quarter, Time Warner will add about 70,000 basic video 
subscribers, 42,000 Internet subscribers and 26,000 phone subscribers.

Page 9 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
The company in April reported that its first-quarter profit jumped 52%, and the company added customers as 
growth in its broadband business outweighed continued losses in video subscribers. The company had a total of 
about 14.5 million customers at the end of the period. 
-- Tess Stynes 
--- 
CARNIVAL 
Cruise Line Anticipates 
Weaker Earnings Report 
Carnival Corp. said it underestimated the impact of itinerary changes and higher fuel prices for the second half of 
the year, with impacts from crises in the Middle East, North Africa and Japan now expected to cut an additional 
15 cents a share from earnings. 
The cruise operator also expects fuel cost increases will cost five cents a share in the period. 
The company -- which runs lines such as Holland America, Cunard and its namesake cruise line operation -- 
plans to give more details regarding its 2011 guidance when it releases second-quarter results June 21. 
Carnival said it gave its March guidance just one week after substantially all of the 300 itinerary changes were 
announced and just days after the Japan earthquake. 
-- Tess Stynes 
--- 
REUTERS 
Veteran Editor Takes 
High Post at News Service 
Sir Harold Evans, the long-time editor of the Sunday Times of London (owned by News Corp. which also 
publishes The Wall Street Journal), has joined Thomson Reuters Corp. as editor-at-large of its news service, part 
of a broader effort by Reuters to raise its visibility. 
In his new role, Mr. Evans will moderate conversations with global leaders and host live events to showcase the 
news organization's photojournalism. 
-- Russell Adams 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document J000000020110614e76e0002w

Page 10 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Honeywell Acquiring EMS Technologies 
Honeywell Acquiring EMS Technologies 
185 words 
14 June 2011 
FinancialWire 
FNWIR 
English 
© 2011 FinancialWire. All rights reserved. 
June 14, 2011 (FinancialWire) -- Diversified technology and manufacturing company Honeywell (NYSE: HON) 
has agreed to acquire mobile networking and satellite communication connectivity solutions provider EMS 
Technologies (NASDAQ: ELMG) for $491 million, in a net of cash acquired deal. 
Honeywell said it will give EMS shareholders a $33 cash per-share tender offer. The acquisition will enhance 
Honeywell’s existing capabilities in rugged mobile computing technologies and satellite communications. 
Dave Cote, Honeywell’s CEO, said the company is uniquely positioned to acquire EMS due the strategic fit 
across the EMS global resource management and aviation interests. The transaction is expected to close in the 
third quarter of 2011, and will count toward Honeywell’s earnings per share in 2012. 
========= 
FinancialWire(tm) is a fully independent, proprietary news wire service. FinancialWire(tm) is not a press release 
service, and receives no compensation from subject entities, companies, equities, or representatives thereof, for 
its news, opinions or distributions. Contact FinancialWire(tm) directly via inquiries@financialwire.net. Copyright © 
MMXI, FinancialWire(tm); All rights reserved. 
Distributed for Investrend Communications, Inc. via M2 Communications (www.m2.com 
Document FNWIR00020110614e76e000b5

Page 11 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Honeywell To Acquire EMS Technologies For $491 Million 
Honeywell To Acquire EMS Technologies For $491 Million 
405 words 
13 June 2011 
Defense Daily 
DEFD 
volume 250 
English 
Copyright © 2011 Access Intelligence, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 
Honeywell [HON] yesterday said it has agreed to acquire EMS Technologies, Inc. [EMLG] for $491 million in cash 
in a deal that will enhance its capabilities for mobile computing and satellite communications and in electronic 
warfare systems. 
EMS, which is based in Georgia, serves the aviation, defense, space, global asset tracking and rugged mobile 
computing markets. The company expects to have between $385 million and $405 million in sales this year and 
be profitable. EMS had $355.2 million in sales last year. 
Honeywell said the deal bolsters its capabilities in certain growth markets. 
"EMS is a terrific addition to Honeywell, adding leading positions in attractive markets that are closely aligned with 
favorable trends in the growing C4ISR space and commercial aerospace, as well as being highly complementary 
to our existing Scanning and Mobility business," Dave Cote, Honeywell's chairman and CEO, said in a statement. 
"The acquisition brings engineering expertise, differentiated technologies, global reach and profitable adjacent 
segments that build upon our great positions in good industries and enhance our growth profile." 
In the aerospace arena, Honeywell said that EMS will significantly add to its satellite communications capabilities, 
an area the company believes demand will continue to increase. With EMS, Honeywell plans to offer enhanced 
air traffic capabilities for polar and oceanic routes to enable improved fuel savings and operating efficiencies, a 
Honeywell spokesman told Defense Daily . 
EMS also has aviation products such as terminals, antennas, in-cabin network devices, and rugged data storage. 
In the area of mobile computing EMS adds new products to Honeywell and channel partners and entry into the 
warehousing and port markets. Its products in the area of supply chain logistics and mobile workforce 
management include rugged handheld and vehicle-mounted computers with multiple radio technologies, 
satellite-based global tracking and monitoring solutions for cargo, fleet assets and personnel. 
Despite a few cents of earnings dilution stemming from acquisition related costs, Honeywell maintained its 
earnings guidance for 2011 and expects the deal to be accretive in 2012. 
Honeywell is paying $33 per share for EMS, representing a 33 percent premium above the company's closing 
stock price on June 10 and a 59 percent premium to its stock price in April when EMS announced it was pursuing 
strategic alternatives. 
The transaction is expected to close in the third quarter of 2011. Bank of America was EMS' financial advisor on 
the deal. 
Document DEFD000020110729e76d0002z

Page 12 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE 2-Honeywell to buy EMS Tech for $491 mln cash 
UPDATE 2-Honeywell to buy EMS Tech for $491 mln cash 
590 words 
13 June 2011 
08:21 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2011 Reuters Limited 
* To pay $33 per EMS share, 33 pct premium to Friday close 
* Based on total outstanding shares, deal value $506 mln 
* Not a cheap purchase for Honeywell-analyst 
(Adds deal advisers, company details, analyst comment, byline) 
By Soyoung Kim 
New York, June 13 (Reuters) - Diversified U.S. manufacturer Honeywell International Inc is buying EMS 
Technologies Inc for about $491 million cash to boost its presence in the mobile and satellite communications 
market. 
Honeywell offered $33 a share for EMS, a wireless communications products maker, representing a premium of 
33 percent to EMS's closing price on Friday and 59 percent higher than its share price on April 18, just before the 
company announced a review of strategic alternatives. 
Under the terms of the agreement approved by the boards of directors of both companies, Honeywell will 
commence a tender offer within 10 business days to purchase all of EMS's outstanding shares. Based on the total 
outstanding shares, the value of the transaction would rise to about $506 million. 
Reuters reported in May that EMS has drawn initial interest from companies that include Comtech 
Telecommunications Corp and Honeywell, and final bids for the company were due around June 9. 
[ID:nN25127863] 
"This is not a cheap acquisition, which is perhaps what we should expect for high technology, electronics 
companies," RBC Capital Markets analyst Robert Stallard said in a research note. 
"Honeywell has ample financial capacity to bolt on companies like EMS, but we think investors may have 
concerns that Honeywell is paying a high price in deploying this surplus capital. We are not overly worried though, 
as the absolute scale of this acquisition is not that big," Stallard said. 
The deal represents 13 times EMS's 2010 earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA). 
It would reduce 2011 earnings by 3 to 4 cents a share, but would add to profit in the next fiscal year, Honeywell 
said. 
Norcross, Georgia-based EMS put itself up for sale under pressure from activist investor MMI Investments LP, 
which owns a 7.8 percent stake in EMS, and offered the New York-based hedge fund an opportunity to be 
involved in the sale process alongside the board. 
While the size of EMS is relatively small, it has segments catering to diverse end markets, making hand-held and 
wearable computers for the logistics markets as well as satellite aircraft communication products for aerospace 
and defense customers. 
"Honeywell is uniquely positioned to acquire EMS due to the strategic fit across EMS's global resource 
management and aviation divisions," Honeywell Chief Executive Dave Cote said in a statement.

Page 13 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EMS is among a number of small to mid-cap companies that have been put up for sale in the aerospace and 
satellite industry in recent months as companies seek new sources of growth in the challenging budget 
environment. 
Last month, Integral Systems , which provides controls for military ground systems and satellites, reached a $225 
million deal to sell itself to Kratos Defense & Security Solutions. [ID:nNL4E7GG29] 
Meanwhile, Globecomm Systems , which provides hardware and software for satellite-based networks, has hired 
JPMorgan Chase to run a sale process, people familiar with the matter have said. 
Bank of AmericaMerrill Lynch advised EMS Technologies on the transaction, and King & Spalding LLP and 
Kirkland & Ellis LLP served as legal counsel. 
(Reporting by Soyoung Kim in New York and A. Ananthalakshmi in Bangalore; Editing by Saumyadeb 
Chakrabarty and Maureen Bavdek) 
EMS/HONEYWELL (UPDATE 2) 
Document LBA0000020110613e76d000s8

Page 14 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Honeywell To Buy EMS Technologies For $491 Million, A 33% Premium 
Honeywell To Buy EMS Technologies For $491 Million, A 33% Premium 
290 words 
13 June 2011 
09:00 
Dow Jones Business News 
DJON 
English 
(c) 2011 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
Honeywell International Inc. (HON) agreed to buy mobile-computer maker EMS Technologies Inc. (ELMG) for 
about $491 million, a move that expands its mobile-computing business into the warehousing and port segments. 
EMS disclosed in April it had received inquiries from potential suitors. The company, which also provides mobile 
networking and satellite communications, had been under pressure from activist hedge-fund MMI Investments, 
holder of a 7.7% stake, which had nominated four candidates to the company's 10-member board. 
Honeywell's $33-a-share cash tender offer is a 33% premium to EMS's Friday close of $24.80. The stock, which 
was halted premarket, has risen 29% over the past three months. Its all-time high, set at the end of 2007, is just 
under $33. 
"Honeywell is uniquely positioned to acquire EMS due to the strategic fit across EMS's Global Resource 
Management and Aviation divisions," said Chairman and Chief Executive Dave Cote. "The acquisition brings 
engineering expertise, differentiated technologies, global reach, and profitable adjacent segments that build upon 
our great positions in good industries and enhance our growth profile." 
Last month, EMS said its first-quarter earnings quadrupled as sales jumped 18%, reflecting the launch of its 
Aspire family of airborne-communication systems. 
Honeywell expects to complete the transaction in the third quarter. The company backed its full-year guidance, 
though the deal will dilute per-share earnings by 3 cents to 4 cents. 
Honeywell shares closed at $55.53 and were inactive premarket. The stock has gained 34% over the past year. 
-By Melodie Warner, Dow Jones Newswires; 212-416-2283; melodie.warner@dowjones.com [ 06-13-11 0900ET ] 
Document DJON000020110613e76d0002a 
Search Summary 
Text Cote AND EMS 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2012 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Honeywell International, Inc. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

