Page 1 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Berkshire Hathaway to Pay US$1.9 Billion for JM.(Brief Article).....................................................................................2 
Companies: Berkshire Offers $1.92 Billion For Roofing-Maker Manville --- Acquisition of Major Market Player Fits 
Classic Buffett Mold ........................................................................................................................................................3 
Berkshire to Buy Manville for $1.96 Billion --- Buffett Pays Cash, Assumes $300 Million of Debt; Likes Firm's 
Dominance ......................................................................................................................................................................5 
Buffett bets on Old Economy with Johns Manville purchase: $2.2B purchase is magnate's fourth housing deal this 
year .................................................................................................................................................................................7 
Berkshire Hathaway to Buy Construction Supply Company. ..........................................................................................8 
Buffett Adds Insulation, Roofing To Berkshire's 'House' .................................................................................................9 
BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY.(Berkshire Hathaway Inc. to acquire Benjamin Moore and Co.)(Brief Article) ...................11 
Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Moves to Enter Coatings Market with Benjamin Moore Merger. ....................................12 
Benjamin Moore to be added to Buffett's plate.(Brief Article)........................................................................................13 
Berkshire Hathaway Planned Benjamin Moore Deal Filing Fri......................................................................................15 
Buffett to buy Benjamin Moore. .....................................................................................................................................16 
Berkshire Hathaway expands........................................................................................................................................17 
Berkshire-Benjamin Moore Deal Has $25M Breakup Fee ............................................................................................18 
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. , whose chairman is billionaire investor Warren Buffett.........................................................19 
Berkshire Will Bid About $1 Billion For Benjamin Moore...............................................................................................20 
United States.................................................................................................................................................................21 
Berkshire Hathaway Agrees to Buy Benjamin Moore for Nearly $1 Billion ...................................................................22 
Benjamin Moore To Be Acquired by Berkshire Hathaway $37.82 Per Share Offered ..................................................23

Page 2 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Berkshire Hathaway to Pay US$1.9 Billion for JM.(Brief Article) 
Berkshire Hathaway to Pay US$1.9 Billion for JM.(Brief Article) 
398 words 
25 December 2000 
Industrial Specialties News 
ISNW 
ISSN 0835-5134; Volume 14; Issue 24 
English 
Copyright 2000 Gale Group Inc. All rights reserved. COPYRIGHT 2000 Blendon Information Services 
Berkshire Hathaway Inc of Omaha, NE and Johns Manville Corp (JM) of Denver, CO have entered into a 
definitive merger agreement whereby Berkshire Hathaway will acquire all of the outstanding shares of Johns 
Manville for US$13/share in cash. The offer values JM at about US$1.9 billion. 
The deal was announced two weeks after JM terminated its previously announced definitive merger agreement 
with an investor group led by affiliates of Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst Inc and Bear Stearns Merchant Banking (see 
ISN, July 10/00). The parties were unable to complete the transaction because of "weak industry conditions, an 
increasingly negative outlook for the economy, and unfavourable financing markets." 
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust, which owns approximately 76% of JM, has agreed to tender its 
shares into Berkshire Hathaway's offer which will begin no later than January 3, 2001. Upon successful 
completion of the offer, JM will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway and will continue to be 
headquartered in Denver. 
Warren Buffett, Chairman of Berkshire Hathaway, said, "We are pleased about the opportunity to own a 
company with such strong market positions, leadership, and financial performance. Johns Manville fits well in the 
Berkshire family of successful enterprises with global brand recognition." 
Berkshire Hathaway has been made a number of investments in the building materials sector this year. They 
have included the purchase of Justin Industries Inc (face bricks, concrete products, ceramic tile distribution), 
Benjamin Moore & Co (paints, stains, and industrial coatings), and a 14.98% stake in USG Corp (gypsum 
wallboard, ceiling tiles). 
JM generated revenue of US$2.2 billion in 1999 from the sale of insulation, roofing systems, and engineered 
products. In the third quarter of 2000, the company reported net income of US$46.3 million on net sales of 
US$540.2 million, down 36.7% and 5.1% respectively from the same period of 1999. Included in the latest period 
was a US$15.4 million pre-tax charge for plant consolidations. Over half of this amount relates to the company's 
planned closure and sale of its insulation plant in Corona, CA at the end of the year. 
FULL TEXT Blendon Information Services THIS IS THE FULL TEXT: COPYRIGHT 2000 Blendon Information 
Services Subscription: $557.00 per year. Published semimonthly. 
Document isnw000020010807dwcp00091

Page 3 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Companies: Berkshire Offers $1.92 Billion For Roofing-Maker Manville --- Acquisition of Major Market Player Fits Classic Buffett Mold ... 
Companies: Berkshire Offers $1.92 Billion For Roofing-Maker Manville --- Acquisition of Major Market 
Player Fits Classic Buffett Mold --- `He's getting it for a song' 
By Richard Gibson 
Dow Jones Newswires 
777 words 
21 December 2000 
The Wall Street Journal Europe 
WSJE 
4
English 
(Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
DES MOINES, Iowa -- Warren Buffett demonstrated once again why he's considered one of Wall Street's master 
builders. 
Just weeks after sealing deals to acquire carpet and paint companies, he wants holding company Berkshire 
Hathaway Inc. to have some insulation and roofing as well. 
So Berkshire is making a $1.92 billion (2.15 billion euro) tender offer for Johns Manville Corp., a leading 
manufacturer of roofing and insulation. Mr. Buffett's investment vehicle agreed to pay $13 a share for each of 
Manville's 147.7 million shares. 
"He's getting it for a song," First Union Securities Inc. analyst Rob Marshall said in an interview. Mr. Marshall said 
the price works out to about 4.1 times earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, after figuring 
in a net operating liability that could shield net income from Mansville for perhaps 10 years. 
The agreement includes a pledge that the Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust would tender its controlling 
76% stake in Manville to Berkshire -- so barring unforeseen regulatory problems it's a done deal. The trust was 
created as part of Manville's bankruptcy-court reorganization, insulating the company itself from any further 
liability from asbestos claims. Mr. Marshall said Berkshire needn't worry about being hit by future asbestos claims. 
Manville fits the classic Berkshire acquisition mold. It has a major, if not market-dominating, share in its industry. 
Its management is well-regarded, and the company throws off significant free cash flow. 
Mr. Marshall estimates that next year Manville will create about $180 million in free cash, especially if the building 
market rallies around U.S. Federal Reserve-induced lower interest rates. 
Mr. Buffett's bid for Manville follows a spate of recent acquisitions in the building-housing market. Only Monday, 
Berkshire completed a $1 billion tender offer for Benjamin Moore & Co., a paint manufacturer. Earlier this year 
the billionaire investor agreed to acquire Shaw Industries Inc., a leading carpet maker, for about $2 billion. 
Berkshire also recently revealed that it holds a 15% stake in USG Corp., a major building-products concern. 
Unlike Manville, USG still has worries about asbestos-related liabilities hanging over it. 
The Manville bid shows why Mr. Buffett is considered such a shrewd investor. In June, an investment group led 
by Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst Inc. and Bear Stearns Cos. agreed to buy Manville in a leveraged buyout valued at 
$3 billion, including assumption of $700 million in debt. But that deal cratered, because of a slowing economy and 
weak financing markets. 
By waiting until now to go after Manville, Mr. Buffett saved about a half billion dollars. 
The company has been on the block for about two years, First Union analyst Mr. Marshall says. Only last week, in 
a prescient report, he predicted that "JM will ultimately be sold," as the related asbestos-liability trust "continues to 
search for liquidity." Accordingly, citing its $10 a share price on Dec. 14, Mr. Marshall upgraded the stock to a 
strong buy from a buy.

Page 4 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
In New York Stock Exchange trading Wednesday, shares of Manville jumped $2.13, or 20%, to $12.88 on news 
of Berkshire's bid. Berkshire's Class A shares fell $1,400, or 2.1%, to $66,500 while its companion Class B shares 
fell $51, or 2.3%, to $2176. 
Brushing Off Manville 
"Inexpensive by any measure," Mr. Marshall wrote in his recent report. "A lot of people brush Manville off, saying 
the company is in insulation and roofing, so it must deal in commodities," he observed. 
Undoubtedly that's another reason Mr. Buffett came around. He often favors nuts-and-bolts businesses that don't 
command much attention, or high stock price. Manville is the U.S.'s largest maker of commercial insulation and 
the second-largest of residential insulating materials. It also is the largest producer of commercial roofing systems 
in North America. 
Another advantage peculiar to Manville may well be its built-in tax shelter.For every dollar the trust receives from 
selling Manville shares, the company picks up a net operating loss of a dollar, Mr. Marshall said.That means "the 
company will end up with an NOL that will shield net income for the next 10 years," he said. 
The analyst also noted that crude-oil future contracts are falling as the Organization of Petroleum Exporting 
Countries boosts production. That also augurs well for Manville, whose roofing business is particularly tied to 
petroleum prices. 
Document wsje000020010814dwcl00k55

Page 5 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Berkshire to Buy Manville for $1.96 Billion --- Buffett Pays Cash, Assumes $300 Million of Debt; Likes Firm's Dominance 
Berkshire to Buy Manville for $1.96 Billion --- Buffett Pays Cash, Assumes $300 Million of Debt; Likes 
Firm's Dominance 
By Devon Spurgeon 
Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal 
893 words 
21 December 2000 
The Wall Street Journal 
J
A3 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. said it agreed to acquire building-products maker Johns Manville Corp. 
for about $1.96 billion. 
The acquisition comes less than two weeks after the collapse of a proposed $3 billion purchase of Manville by a 
group headed by Hicks, Muse & Furst Inc. and Bear Stearns & Co. 
While that deal ran into financing difficulties, Berkshire secured a substantially lower price by offering to pay the 
old-fashioned way: with cash. 
Berkshire, of Omaha, Neb., will pay $13 per Manville share, a 21% premium over the Denver company's $10.75 
share price at 4 p.m. Tuesday in New York Stock Exchange composite trading. Manville has about 150 million 
shares outstanding. Berkshire also will assume about $300 million of debt. 
Berkshire shares fell $1,400 to $66,500 each yesterday at 4 p.m. in Big Board trading, while Manville shares rose 
20%, or $2.13, to $12.88 each. 
In Manville, Berkshire is getting a company that spent six years in Chapter 11 bankruptcy court seeking protection 
from liability for asbestos, the company's chief product until the insulating material became linked with cancer two 
decades ago. 
But its bankruptcy stint ended in 1988, and in an interview Mr. Buffett -- renowned for buying companies that 
dominate their markets -- said he liked the fact that Manville holds the number one or two position in each of its 
businesses, which include commercial and industrial roofing, fiberglass insulation and filtration systems. Manville 
had 1999 sales of $2.2 billion. 
Berkshire will acquire a significant tax benefit from the primary seller of Manville stock, Manville Personal Injury 
Settlement Trust. Established in 1988 to finance settlements of litigation arising from asbestos sold by Manville, 
the trust holds 76% of Manville shares and has been trying to find a buyer in order to free up cash for the $250 
million of claims it pays each year. Since 1988, the trust has paid out about $2.5 billion to settle claims brought by 
Manville customers and workers harmed by their products. 
Although Berkshire said it will assume no asbestos liability, it will be able to deduct from its taxes the proceeds 
the trust receives from the sale. Thus, about $1.5 billion of the purchase price can be carried forward by Berkshire 
to shield income for a number of years. "There is a substantial tax benefit," said Alice Schroeder, an analyst who 
follows Berkshire at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter. 
As with almost all Berkshire acquisitions, Manville will be a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire, and its 
headquarters will remain in Denver. Mr. Buffett says management will stay intact. Manville's board has 
unanimously approved the buyout, but the deal is subject to court approval. "There will be no changes except on 
the stock certificate," Mr. Buffett said. 
In June, Manville agreed to a proposed $3 billion buyout by Hicks Muse and Bear Stearns, a transaction that 
depended in part on $600 million of junk-bond financing. But on Dec. 8, the agreement was terminated by mutual 
consent. "There were a lot of banks involved, which ultimately was the undoing of the deal," said Robert A. Falise, 
chairman of the Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust. Three days after that deal was scrapped, Mr. Buffett 
called Mr. Falise. Less than 24 hours after receiving Mr. Buffett's offer, the trust agreed to sell its shares, Mr. 
Falise said.

Page 6 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Mr. Buffett said Berkshire is investing for the long term. "It is a cyclical business," he said. "There will be ups and 
downs." This acquisition adds to Berkshire's collection of old-economy businesses such as Shaw Carpets and 
Benjamin Moore Paint. Berkshire recently has been buying shares of another building-products maker, USG 
Corp. of Chicago. Berkshire now owns 6.5 million shares, or about 15%, of USG stock. 
--- 
A History of Johns-Manville 
-- 1858: H. W. Johns founds the H. W. Johns Manufacturing 
Company, hoping to use asbestos as 
fire-resistant roofing material. 
-- 1901: Merges with Manville Covering Company, which 
uses asbestos to make insulation products. 
-- 1958: Johns-Manville acquires L.O.F Glass Fibers to 
enter the fiberglass industry. 
-- 1979: The first of thousands of personal injury suits 
is brought against Johns-Manville, citing 
asbestos' sometimes fatal damage to the lungs. 
-- 1982: Files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. 
-- 1985: Ends asbestos production. 
-- 1988: Establishes Manville Personal Injury Settlement 
Trust, to own 79% of the company and distribute 
settlement payments for personal-injury suits, 
ending the company's Chapter 11 protection. 
-- 1997: Returns its name to Johns-Manville, having 
changed it to Manville in 1981, then Schuller in 
1996. 
-- January 1999: Trust announces it intends to sell its 
shares, but in April says it has not 
found a buyer and will consider other 
options. 
-- June 2000: Hicks, Muse Tate & Furst and Bear Stearns 
announce they intend to buy Johns-Manville 
for $2.4 billion plus the assumption of 
$700 million of debt. 
-- Dec. 8: Johns Manville calls off the deal, saying the 
slowing economy and weak financing markets 
made mutually acceptable terms impossible. 
-- Dec. 20: Berkshire Hathaway announces it will buy 
Johns Manville for about $1.96 billion and 
$300 million of debt. 
Document j000000020010807dwcl00vqd

Page 7 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Buffett bets on Old Economy with Johns Manville purchase: $2.2B purchase is magnate's fourth housing deal this year 
Financial Post: World 
Buffett bets on Old Economy with Johns Manville purchase: $2.2B purchase is magnate's fourth housing 
deal this year 
Mark Johnson 
Bloomberg News 
461 words 
21 December 2000 
National Post 
FINP 
National 
C11 
English 
(c) National Post 2000. All Rights Reserved. 
OMAHA, Neb. - Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. yesterday agreed to buy Johns Manville Corp. for 
US$2.2-billion in cash and assumed debt, the billionaire's fourth acquisition this year of a housing or construction 
company. 
Berkshire Hathaway will pay US$13 per share of Manville, the No. 2 U.S. maker of construction materials. That is 
21% more than the closing price on Tuesday. The purchase came two weeks after Manville rejected a buyout bid 
from Bear Stearns Cos. and Hicks Muse Tate & Furst Inc. 
Mr. Buffett has already agreed to spend US$3.6-billion this year to buy carpetmaker Shaw Industries Inc., paint 
manufacturer Benjamin Moore & Co. and brickmaker Justin Industries Inc. Investors have shunned these stocks, 
initially because they were not technology companies and now amid concern a slowing economy would stunt 
homebuilding. 
"He's a buyer when everyone else is a seller," said Alice Schroeder, an analyst at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & 
Co. "It's a classic Buffett purchase. He's got a lot of excess capital and he's putting it to work in smart assets." 
Mr. Buffett is known for buying undervalued companies with strong management teams and steady revenue 
streams. Johns Manville traded at about seven times estimated earnings, compared with 25 times for the average 
company in the Standard & Poor's 500 Index. 
After making one purchase last year -- Jordan's Furniture Co. -- when the stock market was soaring, Berkshire 
has bought five companies outright in 2000. 
"He's got more bullets to shoot and was loading up last year," said Lanny Thorndike, who manages about 
US$1-billion, including shares of Berkshire, at Century Capital Management in Boston. As of Sept. 30, Berkshire 
Hathaway reported having more than US$2-billion in cash. 
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust, which owns about 76% of Johns Manville, agreed to tender its 
shares in the transaction. The Berkshire Hathaway purchase will end the control of Manville by the trust, which 
was set up for asbestos victims. 
Last month, Berkshire disclosed it has a 14.98% stake in USG Corp., the largest U.S. manufacturer of wallboard, 
which has asbestos liabilities. 
USG faces hundreds of millions of dollars in payments to settle asbestos-related lawsuits, filed mainly by workers 
claiming exposure to the mineral made them ill. The Chicago-based company's stock tumbled as much as 72% 
this year as the price of wallboard fell, and as the number of asbestos cases mounted. 
Johns Manville, based in Denver, reported third-quarter earnings that fell below expectations as building 
construction slowed. 
Document finp000020010806dwcl011s4

Page 8 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Berkshire Hathaway to Buy Construction Supply Company. 
Berkshire Hathaway to Buy Construction Supply Company. 
467 words 
21 December 2000 
Bestwire 
AMBEST 
English 
(c) 2000 A.M. Best Company, Inc. 
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. said it will acquire Johns Manville, a construction supply company based in Denver. 
Johns Manville produces and markets insulation products for buildings and equipment, commercial and industrial 
roofing systems, high-efficiency filtration media, and fibers, fabric and nonwoven mats used as reinforcements in 
building and industrial applications. The company has about 9,700 employees and operates 58 manufacturing 
facilities in North America, Europe and China. 
Berkshire Hathaway said it will acquire all of the outstanding shares of Johns Manville for $13 a share in cash. 
Under the merger agreement, a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway will launch a tender offer for all outstanding 
shares of Johns Manville's common stock by Jan. 3. 
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust, which owns about 76% of the outstanding common stock of Johns 
Manville, has agreed to tender its shares into the offer. 
The tender offer is subject to government approvals, court approval of the trust's tender and other conditions. 
Upon successful completion of the tender offer, Johns Manville will become a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Berkshire Hathaway and will continue to be headquartered in Denver. 
"We are pleased about the opportunity to own a company with such strong market positions, leadership and 
financial performance. Johns Manville fits well in the Berkshire family of successful enterprises with global brand 
recognition," Warren Buffett, chairman of Berkshire Hathaway said in a statement. 
No one from either company could be reached for comment. 
Johns Manville also announced an agreement to repurchase about $135 million of its common stock from the 
trust at a price of $13 a share. The purchase will result in a 25-cent increase to Johns Manville's 2000 earnings 
per share, the company said. 
In addition, Johns Manville has agreed to pay the trust $90 million in settlement of future income taxes of the 
trust. 
Johns Manville, a 142-year-old company, had sales of $2.2 billion in 1999. 
During the third quarter, Berkshire completed three acquisitions: U.S. Liability, Ben Bridge and Justin Industries. 
Three other acquisitions were announced in the quarter: Homemakers, Shaw Industries and Benjamin Moore, a 
paint company. In aggregate, these six transactions will cost about $4 billion, of which 94% will be paid in cash 
and the rest in stock (BestWire, Nov. 13, 2000). 
Berkshire Hathaway's stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "BRKa." It was trading at 
$67,500 Wednesday afternoon, down 0.59% from Tuesday's close. 
Berkshire Hathaway is the parent company of General Reinsurance Corp. and Geico General Insurance Co., 
which are both rated A++ (Superior) by the A.M. Best Co. 
(By Meg Green, senior associate editor, BestWeek: meg.green@ambest.com) 
BN-NJ-12-21-2000 1503 ET #36092. 
Document ambest0020010804dwcl003h8

Page 9 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Buffett Adds Insulation, Roofing To Berkshire's 'House' 
Buffett Adds Insulation, Roofing To Berkshire's 'House' 
By Richard Gibson 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
754 words 
20 December 2000 
14:00 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
DES MOINES, Iowa -(Dow Jones)- Warren Buffett demonstrated once again Wednesday why he's considered 
one of Wall Street's master builders. 
Just weeks after sealing deals to acquire carpet and paint companies, he wants holding company Berkshire 
Hathaway Inc. (BRKA BRKB) to have some insulation and roofing as well. 
So Berkshire is making a $1.92 billion tender offer for Johns Manville Corp. (JM), a leading manufacturer of 
roofing and insulation. Buffett's investment vehicle agreed to pay $13 a share for each of Manville's 147.7 million 
shares. 
"He's getting it for a song," First Union Securities Inc. analyst Rob Marshall told Dow Jones Newswires. Marshall 
said the price works out to about 4.1 times earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, after 
figuring in a net operating liability that could shield net income from Mansville for perhaps 10 years. 
Wednesday's agreement includes a pledge that the Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust would tender its 
controlling 76% stake in Manville to Berkshire - so barring unforeseen regulatory problems it's a done deal. 
The trust was created as part of Manville's bankruptcy court reorganization, insulating the company itself from any 
further liability from asbestos claims. Marshall said Berkshire needn't worry about being zinged by future asbestos 
claims. 
Johns Manville fits the classic Berkshire acquisition mold. It has a major, if not market-dominating, share in its 
industry. Its management is well-regarded, and the company throws off significant free cash flow. 
Marshall estimates that next year Manville will create about $180 million in free cash, especially if the building 
market rallies around Fed-induced lower interest rates. 
Buffett's bid for Manville follows a spate of recent acquisitions in the building-housing market. Only Monday, 
Berkshire completed a $1 billion tender offer for Benjamin Moore & Co. (MBEN), a big paint manufacturer. 
Earlier this year the billionaire investor agreed to acquire Shaw Industries Inc. (SHX), a leading carpet maker, for 
about $2 billion. 
Berkshire also recently revealed that it holds a 15% stake in USG Corp. (USG), a major building-products 
concern. Unlike Manville, USG still has worries about asbestos-related liabilities hanging over it. 
The Manville bid shows why Buffett is considered such a shrewd investor. This past June, an investment group 
led by Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst Inc. and Bear Stearns Cos. agreed to buy Manville in a leveraged buyout valued 
at $3 billion, including assumption of $700 million in debt. But that deal cratered, due to a slowing economy and 
weak financing markets. 
By waiting until now to go after Manville, Buffett saved about a half billion dollars. 
The company has been on the block for about two years, First Union analyst Marshall says. Only last week, in a 
prescient report, he predicted that "JM will ultimately be sold," as the related asbestos-liability trust "continues to 
search for liquidity." 
Accordingly, citing its $10 a share price on Dec. 14, Marshall upgraded the stock to a strong buy from a buy.

Page 10 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Shares of Manville Wednesday jumped $2.12, or 19.77%, to $12.87 on news of Berkshire's bid. Those of 
Berkshire's Class A fell $800, or 1.18% to $67,100 while its companion Berkshire B shares fell $24, or 1.08%, to 
$2203. 
"Inexpensive by any measure," Marshall wrote in his recent report. "A lot of people brush Manville off, saying the 
company is in insulation and roofing, so it must deal in commodities," he observed. 
Undoubtedly that's another reason Buffett came around. He often favors nuts-and-bolts businesses that don't 
command much attention, or high stock price. Manville is the nation's largest maker of commercial insulation and 
the second-largest of residential insulating materials. It also is the largest producer of commercial roofing systems 
in North America. 
Another advantage peculiar to Manville may well be its built-in tax shelter. For every dollar the trust receives from 
selling Manville shares, the company picks up a net operating loss of a dollar, Marshall said. 
That means "the company will end up with an NOL that will shield net income for the next 10 years," he said. 
The analyst also noted that crude oil future contracts are falling as OPEC boosts production. That also augurs 
well for Manville, whose roofing business is particularly tied to petroleum prices. 
-By Richard Gibson, Dow Jones Newswires; 515-282-6830; dick.gibson@dowjones.com 
Document dj00000020010805dwck04rac

Page 11 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY.(Berkshire Hathaway Inc. to acquire Benjamin Moore and Co.)(Brief Article) 
BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY.(Berkshire Hathaway Inc. to acquire Benjamin Moore and Co.)(Brief Article) 
58 words 
13 December 2000 
Chemical Week 
CHW 
15 
ISSN: 0009-272X; Volume 162; Issue 46 
English 
Copyright 2000 Gale Group Inc. All rights reserved. COPYRIGHT 2000 Chemical Week Associates 
BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY, the holding company run by financial investor Warren Buffett, has obtained 
clearance from the FTC and Canadian Competition Bureau to acquire paint maker Benjamin Moore (Montvale, 
NJ). Berkshire Hathaway is paying $1 billion for Benjamin Moore (CW, Nov. 15, p. 11). 
FULL TEXT 
Document chw0000020010804dwcd00453

Page 12 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Moves to Enter Coatings Market with Benjamin Moore Merger. 
Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Moves to Enter Coatings Market with Benjamin Moore Merger. 
483 words 
1 December 2000 
Paint & Coatings Industry 
PCOT 
14 
ISSN 0884-3848; Volume 16; Issue 12 
English 
Copyright 2000 Gale Group Inc. All rights reserved. COPYRIGHT 2000 Business News Publishing Co. 
OMAHA, NE -- Investor Warren Buffett, reported to be one of the world's wealthiest individuals, has made his 
first venture into the coatings manufacturing industry with a bid to acquire the owner of one of the oldest and 
best-known brands in the architectural paint business -- Benjamin Moore & Co. of Montvale, NJ. 
Benjamin Moore and Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. announced a definitive merger agreement, valued at 
approximately $1 billion, under which a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway has submitted a cash 
tender offer of $37.82 per share for the outstanding common stock of Benjamin Moore, with the tender offer 
commencing on Nov. 17. 
Buffett said Berkshire Hathaway, based in Omaha, is "extremely excited about the opportunity to add a company 
with such an outstanding reputation for quality and leadership in its industry to the Berkshire group." Buffett has a 
reputation of acquiring well-run companies boasting strong brand-name recognition. 
Upon successful completion of the tender offer, Benjamin Moore would become a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Berkshire Hathaway and will continue to be headquartered in Montvale, NJ, the companies said. The merger 
agreement has been unanimously approved by Benjamin Moore's board of directors. 
In a statement issued by Benjamin Moore, Chairman Richard Roob and President and CEO Yvan Dupuy said 
the merger agreement "offers the dual benefit of providing fair value for our shareholders and continuity of the 
company as a distinct entity." 
The tender offer is subject to certain conditions, including the tender of not less than two-thirds of Benjamin 
Moore's outstanding common stock, on a fully diluted basis, and the obtaining of necessary governmental 
approvals. 
Benjamin Moore, a major manufacturer and retailer of premium architectural paints, stains and industrial 
coatings, was founded in 1883. Earlier this year, the company launched a restructuring program for its U.S. and 
Canadian operations, including the closing of three manufacturing facilities and the conversion of four facilities 
from manufacturing to distribution operations. The moves reduced the number of manufacturing facilities nearly in 
half, from 15 to eight, and consolidated manufacturing for the company's Technical Coatings Co. subsidiary at a 
plant in Melrose Park, IL. 
The company reported 1999 net income of $78 million, a 29.9% increase from 1998, as net sales rose 9.6%, to 
$779.5 million. 
Berkshire Hathaway is a holding company that owns a number of subsidiaries involved in diverse business 
activities, including insurance, financial and retail businesses. Some of the subsidiary companies are Dexter Shoe 
Co., Executive Jet, GEICO Direct Auto Insurance, Helzberg Diamonds, International Dairy Queen Inc., and See's 
Candies. 
FULL TEXT Business News Publishing Co. THIS IS THE FULL TEXT: COPYRIGHT 2000 Business News 
Publishing Co. Subscription: $44.00 per year. Published monthly. 755 West Big Beaver Road, P.O. Box 4270 
(48099), Troy, MI 48099. 
Document pcot000020010809dwc100092

Page 13 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Benjamin Moore to be added to Buffett's plate.(Brief Article) 
Benjamin Moore to be added to Buffett's plate.(Brief Article) 
JOHN CAULFIELD 
1,034 words 
20 November 2000 
National Home Center News 
NHCN 
5
ISSN 0192-6772; Volume 26; Issue 21 
English 
Copyright 2000 Gale Group Inc. All rights reserved. COPYRIGHT 2000 Lebhar-Friedman, Inc. 
Financier's company, Berkshire Hathaway, signs merger agreement with paint manufacturer 
MONTVALE, N.J. -- Berkshire Hathaway, the investment machine of financier Warren Buffett, seems to be 
revving up to become a force as a supplier of home improvement products. 
The Omaha, Neb.-based firm -- whose wide-ranging interests include stakes in more than 50 companies including 
Geico Insurance, American Express and Coca-Cola -- disclosed on Nov. 8 that it had entered into a definitive 
merger agreement with Benjamin Moore, the paint manufacturer based here, whose operations include nearly 
100 company-owned paint stores that generate annual sales of more than $150 million. 
Berkshire Hathaway's launched a $37.82 per share cash tender offer for Benjamin Moore's common stock. If 
shareholders accept the deal, it would be valued at around $1 billion. The offer represents more than a 50 percent 
premium over the $25 per share price Benjamin Moore's stock closed at on Nov. 7. 
Benjamin Moore's board of directors has approved the merger and shareholders with aggregate ownership of 18 
percent of the company's shares agreed to tender their stock. 
"The opportunity offers the dual benefit of providing fair value for our shareholders and continuity of the company 
as a distinct entity," said Yvan Dupuy, Benjamin Moore's president and CEO. "It's terrific news," added Eileen 
McComb, a Benjamin Moore spokeswoman, in an interview with NHCN. "We are genuinely delighted to be a 
part of Berkshire Hathaway." McComb said that there wouldn't be any management or strategic changes as a 
result of the merger. But she declined to comment on whether the company had sought other potential buyers. 
Balancing complex network 
The announcement of this merger agreement came only two months after Berkshire Hathaway offered $2 billion 
to acquire 87.3 percent of Shaw Industries, the country's largest carpeting manufacturer. In August, Berkshire 
completed a $600 million deal to buy Justin Industries, a cowboy boot maker whose assets include Acme Brick, a 
leading supplier of bricks, concrete masonry and ceramic tile. 
In Benjamin Moore, it would be getting a 117-year-old company that is among the five largest paint 
manufacturers in the United States and is the 10th-largest specialty paint dealer. According to the company's 
1999 10-k filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Benjamin Moore's total net sales that year rose 
nearly 10 percent to $779.5 million. Its earnings increased more than 30 percent to $78.4 million. The company 
operates 22 offices, warehouses and manufacturing facilities in the United States and Canada, as well as a 
testing facility. It leases warehouse space in nine markets. 
Its paint is distributed through 3,700 retail companies operating 4,700 stores across North America. But in recent 
years the manufacturer has become more aggressive about protecting its market share by acquiring regional 
paint-store chains that it manages as company-owned businesses. Those chains include J.C. Licht, which 
operates 31 stores in the Chicago market; and Janovic Paints, which operates 17 stores in the New York 
metropolitan area (and whose president, Adam Janovic, resigned earlier this month). In 1999, company-owned 
stores tallied $92.6 million, about 12 percent of Benjamin Moore's total revenue that year. 
On Oct. 2, Benjamin Moore announced its acquisition of the 10-unit Virginia Paint. The paint maker projected 
earlier this year that it would generate $155 million in sales from company-owned stores in fiscal 2000. However, 
there have always been questions about what, exactly, is Benjamin Moore's long-range strategy pertaining to 
independently and company-owned stores. For example, last June it sold Lathrop Paint, a nine-unit specialty 
dealer, to Hirshfield's, a regional chain, for an undisclosed amount, only six months after acquiring Lathrop.

Page 14 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"We're hoping this deal will benefit us dramatically," said Mark Lipton, an independent owner of two-store Tremont 
Paint in Bronx, N.Y. "With Benjamin Moore now having access to the kind of capital that Berkshire Hathaway 
has, I think any changes made would be improvements and would only benefit Benjamin Moore dealers. Maybe 
one thing they will be able to do is [to] bring in somebody with more expertise to help them develop a coherent 
retail strategy, because right now, [Benjamin Moore] has no direction." 
Buffett hands on, as needed 
More broadly, Benjamin Moore has undergone some streamlining this year, during which its net income through 
the first six months of 2000 fell 52 percent to $19.2 million on sales of $414.7 million, which were up 10 percent. 
In the first quarter, the company initiated a restructuring that included a voluntary retirement plan which affected 
300 of its 2,745 employees. In addition, it divested assets in New Zealand. 
The proposed merger with Berkshire Hathaway emerged as Benjamin Moore had been improving its systems 
and forecasting skills to move from trading its stock on the Bulletin Board to a recognized exchange. Its chairman, 
Richard Roob, said that this preparation was not an indication that Benjamin Moore needed to raise money "nor 
do we believe this is a good time to launch a public offering due to today's volatile and uncertain market 
conditions." 
What Buffett -- who owns one-third of Berkshire Hathaway's stock -- is up to as he accumulates more businesses 
within the home improvement field is anyone's guess. Calls to Berkshire Hathaway by NHCN were not returned at 
press time. 
In a recent article about Buffett's kingdom-building efforts in the insurance field, the business tabloid Barron's 
commented that "[t]he common thread running through the acquisitions: They generate sizable free cash flow that 
Buffett can redeploy as he sees fit." Buffett takes no prisoners, though, when it comes to his money, as evinced 
by the pressure he exerted recently which forced out the chief executive of Lucent Technologies, whose stock 
price has languished this year. 
Senior editor Monica Toriello contributed to this article. 
FULL TEXT Lebhar-Friedman, Inc. THIS IS THE FULL TEXT: COPYRIGHT 2000 Lebhar-Friedman, Inc. 
Subscription: $79.00 per year. Published semimonthly. 425 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10022. 
Document nhcn000020010808dwbk000qu

Page 15 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Berkshire Hathaway Planned Benjamin Moore Deal Filing Fri 
Berkshire Hathaway Planned Benjamin Moore Deal Filing Fri 
254 words 
17 November 2000 
16:58 
Federal Filings Newswires 
FF 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
FFBN SOURCE: SEC 13D Original 
ISSUER: 
BENJAMIN MOORE & CO. 
SYMBOL: MBEN 
FILER: Berkshire Hathaway Inc. 
CLASS: COMMON (VOTING RIGHTS) 
SHARES OWNED: 4,943,183 
PERCENT OF CLASS: 17.8% 
WASHINGTON (FFBN)--Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (BRKA, BRKB) said it 
expected to file the premerger application required under U.S. antitrust laws 
on or around Friday for its pending tender of 
Benjamin Moore & Co. (MBEN), 
according to tender documents filed Friday with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. 
Premerger applications are subject to a 30-day waiting period under 
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act. Applications may be granted 
early termination of the waiting period - in as short as two weeks - if the 
FTC or the U.S. Department of Justice have no objections to the transaction. 
The FTC and the DOJ have 30 days to send a second request for 
information to complete the review of anti-competitive issues. Once that 
request has been issued and the company satisfies the request, the agency has 
20 days to reach a decision. 
Berkshire Hathaway's tender offer expires Dec. 15, unless extended. 
As reported, Berkshire Hathaway agreed to acquire Benjamin Moore in a 
$37.82-per-share cash tender offer, or about $1 billion. 
Based in Omaha, Neb., Berkshire Hathaway is an investment holding 
company controlled by Warren Buffett. 
Benjamin Moore, based in Montvale, N.J., makes and sells premium 
paints, stains and industrial coatings. 
-Ann Lawrence; 202-628-9799; ann.lawrence@dowjones.com 
16:58 
Document ff00000020010806dwbh01s98

Page 16 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Buffett to buy Benjamin Moore. 
Buffett to buy Benjamin Moore. 
94 words 
15 November 2000 
Chemical Week International 
CHWKA 
11 
English 
(c) 2000 Royal Society of Chemistry 
Berkshire Hathaway, which is run by Warren Buffett, is to acquire paint producer Benjamin Moore for around $1 
bn. Benjamin Moore is one of the world's leading 15 paint companies with sales of $780 M in 1999, and net 
profits of $78 M. According to Lehman Brothers, the deal suggests that some speciality chemical evaluations 
have reached such low levels that even financial buyers become involved, and that consolidation in the industry is 
likely to increase. 
Chemical Week, Vol. 162, No. 43 
(c) Royal Society of Chemistry 2000. 
Document chwka00020010805dwbf0022p

Page 17 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Berkshire Hathaway expands. 
Berkshire Hathaway expands. 
67 words 
10 November 2000 
South China Morning Post 
SCMP 
English 
(c) 2000 
Omaha, Nebraska: Berkshire Hathaway, controlled by billionaire investor Warren Buffett, has agreed to buy 
paint-maker Benjamin Moore & Co, whose shares have fallen 32 per cent this year, for about US$1 billion in 
cash, Bloomberg reports. Berkshire Hathaway will pay US$37.82 a share in a tender offer. That is 51 per cent 
more than Benjamin Moore's closing price yesterday. 
Document scmp000020010816dwba00q7y

Page 18 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Berkshire-Benjamin Moore Deal Has $25M Breakup Fee 
Berkshire-Benjamin Moore Deal Has $25M Breakup Fee 
215 words 
10 November 2000 
08:37 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
WASHINGTON -(Dow Jones)- Berkshire Hathaway Inc.'s (BRKA) proposed acquisition of Benjamin Moore & Co. 
(MBEN) has a $25 million breakup fee, according to a Form 8-K filed late Thursday with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission. 
The deal may be terminated by either company if it's not completed by March 7, 2001. The walkaway date may 
be extended, but not past May 7. 
As reported Wednesday, Berkshire Hathaway agreed to acquire Benjamin Moore through a $37.82-per-share 
cash tender offer, or about $1 billion. The Benjamin Moore board approved the agreement, and shareholders 
who own 18% of Benjamin Moore's common stock agreed to tender their shares. The offer requires the tender of 
at least two-thirds of Benjamin Moore's outstanding shares, and unless extended, will expire 20 business days 
after it begins. 
The deal is subject to Benjamin Moore shareholder approval and must meet antitrust provisions under the 
Hart-Scott-Rodino Act. It carries a no-solicitation clause. 
Based in Omaha, Neb., Berkshire Hathaway is an investment holding company controlled by Warren Buffett. 
Benjamin Moore, based in Montvale, N.J., makes and sells premium 
paints, stains and industrial coatings. 
-Ben Siegel, Dow Jones Newswires/Federal Filings 
Business News; 202-628-7689 
Document dj00000020010805dwba0499x

Page 19 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. , whose chairman is billionaire investor Warren Buffett... 
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. , whose chairman is billionaire investor Warren Buffett... 
251 words 
8 November 2000 
21:31 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2000 Reuters Limited 
MONTVALE, N.J./OMAHA, Neb., Nov 8 (Reuters) - Berkshire Hathaway Inc. , whose chairman is billionaire 
investor Warren Buffett, has agreed to acquire paint maker Benjamin Moore for $37.82 a share cash in a tender 
offer valued at about $1 billion, the companies said. 
Under the agreement, Benjamin Moore, which was founded in 1883, will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Omaha, Nebraska-based Berkshire Hathaway. It will remain based in Montvale, N.J. 
The tender offer will commence no later than November 17, 2000 and will be for all of Benjamin Moore's 
outstanding common stock, the companies said. 
Once the tender offer is successfully completed, remaining shareholders will receive cash in the same amount as 
paid in the tender offer, they said. 
The board of directors of Benjamin Moore has unanimously approved the merger agreement. In addition, 
shareholders who own about 18 percent of Benjamin Moore's common stock agreed to tender their shares. 
The tender offer is subject to certain conditions, including the tender of not less than two-thirds of Benjamin 
Moore's outstanding common stock, on a fully diluted basis, and the obtaining of all necessary governmental 
approvals. The tender offer will expire 20 business days after it is commenced, but may be extended under 
certain circumstances. 
Benjamin Moore shares closed down 1/2 to $25, while shares in Berkshire Hathaway lost $800 to $64,800. The 
announcement was made after the close of regular trading. 
Document lba0000020010822dwb902fjo

Page 20 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Berkshire Will Bid About $1 Billion For Benjamin Moore 
Berkshire Will Bid About $1 Billion For Benjamin Moore 
By Susan Carey 
Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal 
422 words 
9 November 2000 
The Wall Street Journal 
J
A4 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
OMAHA, Neb. -- Berkshire Hathaway Inc., billionaire Warren Buffett's investment vehicle, wants to expand its 
palette. 
The holding company said it will launch a cash tender offer of $37.82 per share to holders of Benjamin Moore & 
Co. stock, with a goal of making the 117-year-old paint maker a Berkshire unit. 
The offer, which was unanimously approved by the Benjamin Moore board, is valued at about $1 billion, a 
healthy premium over the company's market capitalization of $663 million, based on its closing price. At 4 p.m. in 
over-the-counter Bulletin Board trading, Benjamin Moore shares were down 50 cents to $25. 
Benjamin Moore, Montvale, N.J., said holders who own 18% of its common stock agreed to tender their shares. 
"This opportunity offers the dual benefit of providing fair value for our shareholders and continuity of the company 
as a district entity," Benjamin Moore said in a statement. If the tender offer succeeds, the paint company would 
become a Berkshire subsidiary but continue to have its headquarters in Montvale. The company is a 
manufacturer and retailer of premium paints, stains and industrial coatings, and its products are distributed 
throughout North America through a network of authorized dealers. 
"We are extremely excited about the opportunity to add a company with such an outstanding reputation for quality 
and leadership in its industry to the Berkshire group," Mr. Buffett, Berkshire's chairman, said in a statement. 
The offer is subject to conditions, including the tender of two-thirds of Benjamin Moore's common stock 
outstanding on a fully diluted basis and the receipt of necessary government approvals. The tender will expire 20 
business days after it is launched. If the merger is done, remaining Benjamin Moore holders will receive the 
same cash as paid to those who tendered their shares, the two companies said. 
Berkshire, based in Omaha, Neb., is a conglomerate of nearly 50 companies ranging from jewelry stores to a 
maker of cowboy boots to a flight-training company. Mr. Buffett likes to buy well-run companies with strong brand 
recognition in not necessarily glamorous industries. Berkshire's stock portfolio includes big stakes in Coca-Cola 
Co., Gillette Co., Washington Post Co. and American Express Inc. The company also has extensive interests in 
insurance and reinsurance. 
At 4 p.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading, Berkshire Class A shares were down $800 to $64,800. 
Document j000000020010807dwb900tas

Page 21 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
United States
WHAT'S NEWS 
Report on Business: The Wall Street Journal 
United States 
Wall Street Journal 
88 words 
9 November 2000 
The Globe and Mail 
GLOB 
Metro 
B17 
English 
All material copyright Thomson Canada Limited or its licensors. All rights reserved. 
Berkshire Hathaway Inc., the investment vehicle of billionaire Warren Buffett, agreed to acquire Benjamin 
Moore & Co. through a cash offer of $37.82 (U.S.) a share, or about $1-billion. In a press release late yesterday, 
the companies said the tender offer will begin by Nov. 17. On completion of the transaction, Benjamin Moore will 
become a unit of Berkshire Hathaway and will continue to be headquartered in Montvale, N.J. 
Document glob000020010806dwb901guw

Page 22 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Berkshire Hathaway Agrees to Buy Benjamin Moore for Nearly $1 Billion 
Berkshire Hathaway Agrees to Buy Benjamin Moore for Nearly $1 Billion 
224 words 
8 November 2000 
19:17 
Dow Jones Business News 
DJON 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
MONTVALE, N.J. -- Berkshire Hathaway Inc., Warren Buffett's investment vehicle, has agreed to acquire paint 
maker Benjamin Moore & Co. in a deal valued at about $1 billion. 
Berkshire Hathaway's (BRKA) $37.82 a share cash tender offer is a 51% premium to Benjamin Moore's (MBEN) 
4 p.m. EST price of $25 on the over-the-counter bulletin board. The companies said the tender offer will begin by 
Nov. 17, and end in 20 business days unless it is extended. The offer requires the tender of at least two-thirds of 
Benjamin Moore's outstanding shares. 
The takeover has been approved by Benjamin Moore's board and shareholders who own 18% of the company's 
common stock. 
Once the acquisition is completed, Benjamin Moore will become a unit of Berkshire Hathaway and continue to 
be headquartered in Montvale. 
Mr. Buffett, the famed billionaire investor, has avoided technology companies and remained loyal to makers and 
purveyors of such old-fashioned products as ice cream, furniture, carpeting, boots, bricks and insurance policies. 
He has gained international renown for his belief in brand-name products that he can taste or test-drive. 
Omaha, Neb.-based Berkshire Hathaway is a holding company. 
Copyright (c) 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
All Rights Reserved 
Document djon000020020330dwb901p0m

Page 23 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Benjamin Moore To Be Acquired by Berkshire Hathaway $37.82 Per Share Offered 
Benjamin Moore To Be Acquired by Berkshire Hathaway $37.82 Per Share Offered 
732 words 
8 November 2000 
18:32 
Business Wire 
BWR 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2000, Business Wire) 
MONTVALE, N.J. & OMAHA, Neb.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 8, 2000-- Benjamin Moore & Co. (OTCBB: 
MBEN.OB) and Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE: BRK.A, BRK.B) announced today that they have approved and 
entered into a definitive Merger Agreement which calls for a cash tender offer of $37.82 per share to holders of 
Benjamin Moore common stock by a wholly-owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. 
The tender offer will commence no later than November 17, 2000 and will be for all of Benjamin Moore's 
outstanding common stock. Upon successful completion of the tender offer, the Merger Agreement calls for a 
merger pursuant to which the remaining shareholders will receive cash in the same amount as paid in the tender 
offer. 
The value of the transaction is approximately one billion dollars. Upon successful consummation of the 
transaction, Benjamin Moore will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway and will continue to 
be headquartered in Montvale. 
The Board of Directors of Benjamin Moore has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement. In addition, 
shareholders who own approximately 18% of Benjamin Moore's common stock agreed to tender their shares 
into the tender offer. J.P. Morgan & Co. delivered a fairness opinion to the Board of Directors of Benjamin Moore. 
Richard Roob, Chairman of Benjamin Moore and Yvan Dupuy, President and Chief Executive Officer of 
Benjamin Moore joined in stating that "This opportunity offers the dual benefit of providing fair value for our 
shareholders and continuity of the company as a distinct entity. All those, past and present, who have played a 
part in building this company can feel proud that Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway want to be associated 
with the name Benjamin Moore." 
Warren Buffett, Chairman of Berkshire Hathaway, said "We are extremely excited about the opportunity to add a 
company with such an outstanding reputation for quality and leadership in its industry to the Berkshire group." 
The tender offer is subject to certain conditions, including the tender of not less than two-thirds of Benjamin 
Moore's outstanding common stock, on a fully diluted basis, and the obtaining of all necessary governmental 
approvals. The tender offer will expire twenty business days after it is commenced, but may be extended under 
certain circumstances. 
Benjamin Moore, a leading manufacturer and retailer of premium paints, stains and industrial coatings, was 
founded in 1883. Headquartered in Montvale, New Jersey, Benjamin Moore's products are distributed 
throughout North America through a network of authorized dealers. 
Berkshire Hathaway is a holding company owning subsidiaries engaged in a number of diverse business 
activities. The most important of these is the property and casualty insurance business conducted on both a direct 
and reinsurance basis through a number of subsidiaries. 
This press release contains forward-looking statement with respect to management's beliefs about the financial 
condition, results of operations and businesses of Benjamin Moore and Berkshire Hathaway in the future. These 
statements involve risks and uncertainties. The actual outcome could differ materially from that contemplated by 
such statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences could include, but are not limited to, 
general business conditions, strength of retail economy and growth in the coatings industry, unusual weather 
conditions and competition in the coatings business, as well as other risks detailed herein and in Benjamin 
Moore reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC").

Page 24 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Benjamin Moore shareholders are advised to read the tender offer statement regarding the acquisition of 
Benjamin Moore referenced in this news release, which will be filed by Berkshire Hathaway and B Acquisition 
with the SEC, and the related solicitation/recommendation statement which will be filed by Benjamin Moore with 
the SEC. The tender offer statement (including an offer to purchase, letter of transmittal and related tender offer 
documents) and the solicitation/recommendation statement will contain important information which should be 
read carefully before any decision is made with respect to this offer. These documents will be made available to 
all shareholders of Benjamin Moore at no expense to them. These documents also will be available at no charge 
at the SEC's web site, www.sec.gov. 
Document bwr0000020010804dwb804xuz 
Search Summary 
Text Warren Buffett AND Benjamin Moore 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2001 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Berkshire Hathaway, Inc. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

