Page 1 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Allstate To Buy Worksite Marketer For $1 Billion. ...........................................................................................................2 
FOCUS - Allstate to buy American Heritage. ..................................................................................................................3 
Allstate to Pay $1.1 Billion for American Heritage Life. ...................................................................................................5 
Insurer Allstate To Buy American Heritage Life For $900 Million....................................................................................7 
Allstate Looks To Workplace Sales With Amer Heritage Buy .........................................................................................9

Page 2 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Allstate To Buy Worksite Marketer For $1 Billion. 
Allstate To Buy Worksite Marketer For $1 Billion. 
By M. Christian Murray. 
430 words 
19 July 1999 
National Underwriter Life & Health-Financial Servi 
NULAH 
English 
(c) 1999 The National Underwriter Company 
Allstate Corp., continuing its push to become more of a multi-product, multi-channel and multi-brand company, 
announced that it has entered into an agreement to buy American Heritage Life Investment Corp., a distributor of 
insurance to employees at the workplace. 
For Allstate, the purchase of the Jacksonville, Fla.-based worksite marketer opens the door for it to sell through 
an entirely new channel. The acquisition "provides us with the opportunity to expand into a rapidly growing 
segment of the life insurance business through a highly regarded name and channel," said Allstate chairman, 
president and CEO Edward Liddy. 
The total cost for the Northbrook, Ill.-based Allstate in buying the company will be $1.1 billion, which was 
described by Standard & Poor's analyst Charles Titterton as an "aggressive" purchase price. Nevertheless, 
analysts agree the deal is a positive for Allstate. 
"Multi-channel distribution is a very popular policy among companies right now, and we think it is a good 
strategy," Mr. Titterton said. He added that Allstate purchases such as this one "diversify its sources of income 
and insulate it from the consequences in the decline in a certain line of business." 
The American Heritage deal comes on the heels of Allstate acquiring the personal lines division of CNA Financial 
Corp in recent months. Through that purchase, Allstate is building its independent agent channel in the 
property-casualty area, said company spokeswoman April Hattori. In March, Allstate entered into a joint venture 
with Putnam Investments to sell variable annuities. 
American Heritage will continue to operate under its present brand name and be run by its existing management. 
Allstate said it hopes to help the company expand throughout the country. Currently, American Heritage, the 
number three player in the worksite marketing business behind AFLAC Inc. and UnumProvident Corp., is 
primarily concentrated in the Southeast. 
"We want to take a highly successful regional player and give it the capital it needs to expand," said Louis Lower, 
II, chairman of Allstate Life Insurance Company. He also said American Heritage would benefit from being 
associated with the more recognizable Allstate brand name. 
Mr. Lower said Allstate's 15,000-plus agents as well as its independent sales channel will be able to sell American 
Heritage product to the workplace. 
The acquisition "is a pure play on the worksite market," Mr. Lower said, adding how that market has been growing 
in recent years at a rate of 15 percent annually. 
Allstate To Buy Worksite Marketer. 
Copyright, The National Underwriter Company. 
Document nulah00020010908dv7j001k9

Page 3 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
FOCUS - Allstate to buy American Heritage. 
FOCUS - Allstate to buy American Heritage. 
By Gregory Crawford 
540 words 
9 July 1999 
14:51 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1999 Reuters Limited 
CHICAGO, July 9 (Reuters) - Insurance firm Allstate Corp. said Friday it agreed to acquire workplace insurance 
distributor American Heritage Life Investment Corp. for $1.1 billion as it seeks to broaden out from stagnant 
home and auto insurance markets. 
American Heritage Life, based in Jacksonville, Fla., distributes life, disability and health insurance to employees 
at their jobs and focuses on workers with moderate to middle incomes in companies with fewer than 1,000 
employees. 
The company had 1998 revenues of $480 million and operating profits of $36.4 million. 
Allstate said it would pay $32.25 in stock or cash for each American Heritage share and assume the company's 
debt. 
Friday afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange, American Heritage shares were up $4.125 at $31.06. Allstate 
gained 50 cents to $37.125, also on the Big Board. 
The deal, Allstate's third expansion into an alternative business this year, would take the Northbrook, Ill., company 
beyond its traditional personal insurance lines business and give it additional brands. 
Last month Allstate agreed to acquire CNA Financial Corp.'s personal lines business and in March it struck a deal 
with mutual fund giant Putnam Investments to sell variable annuities. 
"This continues our strategy of becoming more multi-brand, multi-product and multi-channel," Allstate Chairman, 
President and Chief Executive Edward Liddy said in an interview. 
"With this transaction, what we do is move into probably the fastest-growing segment of the life insurance market, 
which is selling life insurance products through worksite marketing," he said, adding that more than 80 percent of 
Americans work for companies that employ fewer than 1,000 people. 
But some analysts questioned whether the deal put too much on Allstate's plate. 
"They're focusing on two higher-growth areas of the business - variable annuities and worksite marketing, but you 
have to wonder about the execution and everything," analyst Stephen Musser at A.G. Edwards said. "They've got 
a lot to digest, and it's going to take some time." 
But Liddy said the three deals this year would embellish Allstate's core skills in the life insurance business. 
He added that the acquisition of American Heritage would not require any job cuts. 
"This company has been very successful in the southeastern part of the U.S.," Liddy said. "What we have the 
opportunity to do is to expand it nationally and with that expansion comes job enhancement, not job reduction." 
He said the acquisition would trim earnings by about 2 cents a share in 2000 and 2001 but add to them thereafter. 
"As we get this product sold on a national basis and we get some sold through our existing distribution force, it will 
be substantially accretive in that fourth, fifth and sixth year," Liddy said.

Page 4 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
American Heritage is licensed to conduct business in 49 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico and will 
keep its headquarters in Jacksonville. 
The transaction, which was approved by boards of both companies, is expected to be completed by the end of 
the year, pending shareholder and regulatory approvals. ((Chicago equities news, 312 408 8787, 
chicago.equities.newsroom@reuters.com)). 
(C) Reuters Limited 1999. 
Document lba0000020010907dv7904oib

Page 5 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Allstate to Pay $1.1 Billion for American Heritage Life. 
Allstate to Pay $1.1 Billion for American Heritage Life. 
917 words 
9 July 1999 
Bestwire 
AMBEST 
English 
(c) 1999 A.M. Best Company, Inc. 
NORTHBROOK, Ill. - Allstate Corp. said it plans to buy the nation's third-largest work-site marketing insurer in a 
stock transaction worth $1.1 billion as Allstate seeks to sell its products through employers. 
Allstate plans to buy American Heritage Life Investment Corp., a life, disability and health insurer based in 
Jacksonville, Fla. American Heritage will retain its brand name, headquarters and current management. 
Friday's announcement came just a month after Allstate said it would buy CNA Financial Corp.'s personal lines 
business for $1.2 billion. Allstate also has a strategic alliance with Putnam Investments to market variable 
annuities. 
The transaction would give Allstate access to American Heritage's work-site distribution network and its 
independent agents. American Heritage, meanwhile, gains 15,000 new agents through Allstate's agent force. It 
also gains the power of Allstate's brand name. 
"This is going to be a very rapid growth machine," American Heritage Chairman T. O'Neal Douglas said in a 
conference call on Friday. 
Allstate's chairman, chief executive officer and president, Edward Liddy, said American Heritage seems like a 
good investment. "We think it's a great place to invest our capital because of the potential for high returns," Liddy 
said during the conference call. 
"From a strategic standpoint, it's a logical move to make," said Adam Klauber, managing director at Cochran, 
Caronia & Co. "It's another way of selling retail-oriented products." 
Although still ranked No. 2 in the property/casualty industry, Allstate has taken a turn toward selling all of the 
products a customer might want, turning away from the long-time product-based attitude insurers have had. 
Klauber said that strategy could eventually give Allstate an edge over No. 1 State Farm, a mutual company that 
"is still in the product business." 
Allstate will pay $32.25 in Allstate shares or cash for each American Heritage share. So far, American Heritage 
shareholders representing about 39% of outstanding shares have agreed to vote in favor of the plan. Allstate also 
has an option to buy as much as 19.9% of newly issued shares in case another company tries to buy American 
Heritage. 
Allstate expects the acquisition to slightly reduce profit over the next two years. It also expects to take a charge of 
between $25 million and $50 million as it conforms American Heritage's accounting to its own books. 
Allstate said the work-site market is growing by 15% annually and promises continued growth. With American 
Heritage, the company will target smaller businesses with fewer than 1,000 employees to tap middle-income 
consumers. 
The middle-market remains the least-penetrated market, Liddy said. It also tends to be less price-sensitive. "It's a 
more-balanced competitive situation," he added. 
The work-site market is growing because it's convenient for people to buy insurance at work through a benefits 
package. "People don't have the time anymore to buy insurance at their dinner table in the evening," Allstate Life 
Insurance Co. President Thomas Wilson said in a telephone interview.

Page 6 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Even though the product costs employees money, it's still perceived as a benefit, Wilson said. About 30% of the 
nation's employers offer voluntary benefits such as insurance, and about 5 million people buy insurance through 
their employers. Allstate is betting that percentage will increase. 
Allstate also hopes to use its own book of business. Wilson said Allstate has 400,000 commercial policies in 
force. The company also estimates that 700,000 of its policyholders own their own businesses. 
American Heritage, meanwhile, works with about 15,000 businesses, primarily competing against market leaders 
such as American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). About two-thirds of American Heritage's 
business is generated in the Southeast, with the company having about the same market share as Aflac, Wilson 
said. "That tells you American Heritage can compete head-on with Aflac," he added. 
American Heritage has gained a reputation in the South for its service to customers, Wilson said. Now, the 
company's product can be sold nationally under Allstate's name. "Our challenge is to match the service and 
quality levels American Heritage is known for," Wilson said. 
However, Klauber said the acquisition adds to the tasks Allstate faces this year. Already, Allstate must work to 
retain the independent agents who sell CNA products. 
"Do they have the resources to execute and get their money's worth out of these transactions? I would list that as 
one of their bigger challenges," Klauber said. 
Allstate has an A+ rating from A.M. Best Co. For 1998, its property/casualty companies had net premiums written 
of $19.1 billion and policyholders' surplus of $13.4 billion, according to A.M. Best data. Allstate Life Insurance Co. 
had net premiums of $5.6 billion and capital and surplus of $2.8 billion. 
American Heritage also has an A+ rating. For 1998, the company had net premiums written of $269.9 million and 
capital and surplus of $173.3 million, according to A.M. Best data. 
Allstate stock, listed as "ALL" on the New York Stock Exchange, was selling at $37. 25 a share Friday afternoon. 
American Heritage, listed as "AHL," rose $4.125, or about 15%, to $31.0625 Friday afternoon. 
(By Theresa Miller, senior associate editor, BestWeek: millert@ambest.com) 
BN-NJ-07-09-99 1649ET #28510. 
Copyright, 1999 A.M. Best Company, Inc. 
Document ambest0020010901dv79001vy

Page 7 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Insurer Allstate To Buy American Heritage Life For $900 Million 
Insurer Allstate To Buy American Heritage Life For $900 Million 
570 words 
9 July 1999 
08:44 
Dow Jones Business News 
DJON 
English 
(Copyright (c) 1999, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Insurance giant Allstate Corp. Friday announced an agreement to acquire American 
Heritage Life Investment Corp. in a $900 million deal. Including the assumption of "mandatorily redeemable 
preferred securities," the companies valued the deal at $1.1 billion. 
The transaction will help Allstate, the nation's second-largest insurer of homes and cars behind State Farm 
Mutual Automobile Insurance Co., latch onto one of the faster-growing segments of the life insurance industry: 
sales in the workplace. 
Allstate plans to use its network of some 15,000 agents to leverage American Heritage's success, said Allstate 
Chairman and Chief Executive Edward Liddy. American Heritage markets life, disability and health insurance to 
employees, largely in the Southeast, who pay premiums by payroll deduction. 
The deal combines "their product knowledge, strong management team, and back office capability with our capital 
base, distribution, marketing know-how and name," Liddy told Dow Jones. 
American Heritage shareholders will receive $32.25 worth of Allstate stock or cash for each American Heritage 
share held. Based on American Heritage's nearly 27.9 million shares outstanding, that portion of the deal is 
valued at about $900 million. 
The deal represents a 4% premium to for American Heritage's (AHL) Friday's closing price of $31.063, up $4.125, 
or 15%. When first announced, the transaction represented a 20% premium to American Heritage's Thursday 
closing of $25.938. Allstate (ALL) rose 50 cents to end at $37.313 on Friday. Both companies'shares are listed on 
the New York Stock Exchange. 
The boards of both companies have already approved the deal. American Heritage shareholders owning about 
39% of the company's shares outstanding have agreed to vote in favor of the acquisition and also agreed to vote 
against any other offer from a third party for up to six months. 
Liddy said Allstate had virtually no presence in worksite marketing. American Heritage, despite its relatively small 
size - it had a market capitalization of about $750 million - is the nation's third-largest worksite marketer. 
A new alliance between Allstate and Putnam Investments moves Allstate up in the ranks of variable annuity 
sellers, which will augment American Heritage's sales of that product, Liddy said. 
The executive said the acquisition would be "mildly dilutive, by a penny or two" to Allstate's earnings in 2000 and 
2001. 
Stephens Inc. analyst Nik Fisken said the combination is a good one for both companies. "American Heritage has 
the best product portfolio in the payroll deduction business but they were lacking the distribution channels to 
market that through. And Allstate arguably has one of the best distribution franchises there is," he said. 
American Heritage is about 40% owned by Jacksonville's Davis family, the same family that founded Winn-Dixie 
Stores Inc. (WIN). According to Fiskin, the family has agreed to take its payment in Allstate stock. "It's a growth 
story acquisition - they have told their employees that no one will get laid off," Fiskin said. 
The deal caps a busy few months for Allstate. In addition to the Putnam alliance, the company plans to acquire 
the personal lines insurance operations of CNA Financial Corp. (CNA). Liddy said the transactions are part of the 
company's attempt to push more products through more sales channels. 
Copyright (c) 1999 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.

Page 8 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All Rights Reserved. 
Document djon000020020329dv79033ef

Page 9 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Allstate Looks To Workplace Sales With Amer Heritage Buy 
Allstate Looks To Workplace Sales With Amer Heritage Buy 
By Anne Colden 
240 words 
9 July 1999 
12:21 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(Copyright (c) 1999, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--In American Heritage Life Investment Corp. (AHL), Allstate Corp. (ALL) has latched 
onto one of the faster-growing segments of the life insurance industry: workplace sales. 
Allstate said Friday it would acquire American Heritage, of Jacksonville, Fla., for $1.1 billion in cash and stock. 
Allstate plans to use its network of some 15,000 agents to leverage American Heritage's success, said Edward 
Liddy, Allstate's chairman, president and chief executive. American Heritage markets life, disability and health 
insurance to employees, largely in the Southeast, who pay premiums by payroll deduction. 
The deal combines "their product knowledge, strong management team, and back office capability with our capital 
base, distribution, marketing know-how and name," Liddy told Dow Jones Newswires in an interview. 
Liddy said American Heritage has "growth prospects of 13% to 15% a year," and that the deal could add to 
Allstate's life insurance revenue by some 10%, or $480 million annually, based on American Heritage's 
performance last year. 
American Heritage Life shareholders have the option to trade each share for $32.25 in cash, or Allstate stock. 
American Heritage's NYSE-listed stock recently was up 4 1/8, or 15.3%, to 31 1/16 on volume of 825,600, 
compared with average daily volume of 37,400. 
(MORE) DOW JONES NEWS 07-09-99 
12:21 PM 
Document dj00000020010827dv79026fl 
Search Summary 
Text Edward Liddy AND Heritage Life 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2000 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company The Allstate Corp. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

