Page 1 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
MORTGAGE GROWTH FUELS BB&T PROFITS...........................................................................................................2 
BB&T Back in Merger Hunt With $128M Georgia Deal...................................................................................................4 
Philosopher King How does BB&T's John Allison explain his bank deals? By quoting the classics. ..............................6 
Alabama May Loom on North Carolina-Based Bank's Horizon.......................................................................................8 
BB&T to Acquire Virginia Capital Bancshares of Fredericksburg, Va. ..........................................................................10 
BB&T to Acquire F&M National Corporation of Winchester, Va....................................................................................12

Page 2 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
MORTGAGE GROWTH FUELS BB&T PROFITS 
Markets 
MORTGAGE GROWTH FUELS BB&T PROFITS 
BY PATRICK REILLY 
548 words 
12 October 2001 
American Banker 
AMB 
1
Vol. 167, No. 196 
English 
Copyright (c) 2001 Thomson Financial, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
Citing strong growth in mortgage lending, BB&T Corp. said Thursday that its net profits had tripled, to $222 
million, in the third quarter. 
The jump demonstrated an ability to control expenses and navigate a tricky rate environment. BB&T racked up 
gains despite Fed rate cuts that have put pressure on lending profits at some other big regionals. 
The Winston-Salem, N.C., company said its net interest margin -- which reflects its profit margin on lending -- 
rose to 4.19%, from 4.16% in the second quarter, though it was down from 4.22% in the third quarter of last year. 
"The good news is they still have a real good handle on their margins," said John Moore, an analyst at Wachovia 
Securities. "It is tougher to manage with all these rate cuts." 
The results included $61.5 million of after-tax charges related to the recent acquisition of F&M National Corp. of 
Winchester, Va., and compare favorably to those of last year's third quarter, which was bogged down by merger 
charges and the impact of a securities portfolio restructuring. 
Excluding the charges, BB&T said, profits of 62 cents a share met Wall Street's consensus estimate. 
Fee income rose 24%, to $336.3 million, boosted by a 14% increase in mortgage loans and by increases in fees 
from deposit accounts, trust activities, and insurance commissions, the $70 billion-asset company said. Expenses 
rose 11%, to $515 million. 
BB&T has been a frequent player in the merger game, focusing on smaller regional banking companies and 
insurance brokerages. In the third quarter it bought $4 billion-asset F&M, which has 163 branches in Virginia and 
in Washington. BB&T expects to complete its purchase of Community First Banking Co. of Carrollton, Ga., in the 
fourth quarter. 
As BB&T continued to expand in the third quarter, its Winston-Salem neighbor Wachovia Corp. was acquired by 
First Union Corp. of Charlotte, N.C., which took the Wachovia name. 
John Allison, BB&T's chief executive officer, said in a press release that loan growth has slowed, and that 
nonperforming assets and credit losses have increased because of the slowing economy. But, he added, "healthy 
growth of noninterest income and effective expense control have allowed us to achieve strong overall results." 
Nonperforming assets rose 8% from the second quarter, to $318 million. 
Despite the economic slowdown, Mr. Allison said, BB&T will continue to focus on acquisitions. In August it 
announced a deal to acquire the Southeastern Trust Co., a trust and asset management company with several 
locations in South Carolina. And this week it announced plans to buy Horizon Mortgage & Investment Co. of 
Atlanta, which has a servicing portfolio of $480 million. 
Mr. Moore said that BB&T is "in the acquisition business, and every quarter they are continuing to do well." 
The Community First deal was BB&T's first in over five months, after a self-imposed moratorium.

Page 3 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
In the past decade the company has purchased more than 45 community banks, most of which had $250 million 
to $10 billion of assets. 
photo, Allison 
Document amb0000020011012dxac00001

Page 4 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
BB&T Back in Merger Hunt With $128M Georgia Deal 
News 
BB&T Back in Merger Hunt With $128M Georgia Deal 
BY PATRICK REILLY 
896 words 
11 July 2001 
American Banker 
AMB 
1
Vol. 166, No. 132 
English 
Copyright (c) 2001 Thomson Financial, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
BB&T Corp., one of the nation's most acquisitive banking companies, said Tuesday that it is back in the deal 
game after a self-imposed 90-day moratorium on acquisitions, with a $128 million agreement to buy Community 
First Banking Co. of Carrollton, Ga. 
The stock-swap transaction is actually the Winston-Salem, N.C., company's first deal in five months, so BB&T 
took a longer break than promised. 
It was the second recent breather for BB&T. In 2000 after announcing a $6.6 billion deal for One Valley Bancorp 
in Charleston, W.Va., it announced a six-month hiatus and almost kept its promise, announcing its next deal after 
about five and a half months. 
The deal for the Georgia community bank is part of BB&T's effort to expand operations in the Atlanta market. 
"We look at acquisitions on a continual basis," said Burney Warren, executive vice president of mergers and 
acquisitions at BB&T. "We are going to continue to look in our footprint." 
Analysts said that BB&T is back on track to aggressively pursue transactions in the Southeast. It has done more 
than 45 bank deals in the past decade. Gobbling up community banks, BB&T moved from a $5 billion-asset 
company to a $64 billion institution. 
It announced plans to buy two Virginia banking companies in January --F&M National Corp. and Virginia Capital 
Bancshares -- and BB&T officials said they would take a break from dealmaking. At the time, the company had 
announced 14 deals since early 1999. 
With Tuesday's deal for $548 million-asset Community First, BB&T is "back on the hunt" to buy companies with 
$250 million to $10 billion of assets -- its stated size preference -- said Marni Pont O'Doherty, an analyst at Keefe, 
Bruyette & Woods Inc. "This is not a surprise." 
Ms. O'Doherty estimated that 32 banks or thrifts in BB&T's region -- spanning Georgia, Maryland, North Carolina, 
South Carolina, Virginia, and the District of Columbia -- meet its acquisition criteria. "BB&T is a very acquisitive 
company," she said. 
But community bankers in the Southeast are not necessarily running for the hills. "I'm not sure that it's good or 
bad" for community banks, "it's just one of those evolutions that happens," said Julian Hester, chief executive 
officer of the Community Bankers Association of Georgia, who has 46 years of banking experience in the state. 
But he added, "It appears as soon as someone like BB&T buys a bank, someone tries to replace it with a de 
novo." 
Meanwhile, Lawrence M. Kimbrough, president and CEO of First Charter Corp., a community bank in Charlotte, 
N.C., commended BB&T's strategy but said it came as no big surprise. "Well, there was that famous six-month 
moratorium," he said, "and all I have to say is that it was just a matter of time" before they began buying again. He 
quickly added that his company is not for sale. 
BB&T's acquisition of Community First would add nine branches in western Georgia. Through its banking 
subsidiary Community First Bank, it also operates a consumer finance company, an insurance agency, and a 
full-service brokerage.

Page 5 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"Community First Banking Co. is a highly successful community bank with an operating philosophy and core 
values similar to ours," BB&T chairman and chief executive officer John Allison said in a statement. "This 
acquisition will extend our Georgia franchise into some very attractive markets in metro Atlanta and western 
Georgia." 
The deal is valued at $35.69 per Community First share based on BB&T's closing price Monday of $36.42. The 
exchange ratio will be fixed at 0.98 of a BB&T share for each Community First share. The deal is expected to 
close in the fourth quarter. 
Mr. Warren said BB&T expects to make five acquisitions per year. Another Georgia deal would probably bump 
the company into the top five in market share, he added. 
Jason Goldberg, an analyst at Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., called the deal "a tad pricey" at three times book 
value. 
The deal is part of a larger picture as BB&T begins focusing on the Atlanta area, Mr. Goldberg said. "They have 
always been an opportunistic company," he said. "They are going to continue on their strategy. They took a 
breather. They will continue to acquire in metro Atlanta." 
The company prefers smaller banks because they are easier to integrate and tend to offer more cost-saving 
opportunities than larger banks, Ms. O'Doherty said. BB&T has a goal of being in the top five of market share in 
each of its markets. 
Meanwhile, BB&T's aggressive pursuit of deals is a challenge for analysts who follow the company. During 
earnings season, the company separates its recent acquisitions from the total numbers. "They try to meet the 
investor community half way," Ms. O'Doherty said. "There is a complexity level to analyzing them. There is a 
constant scrambling of the egg." 
Ben Jackson and Laura Thompson contributed to this article. 
photo, Warren 
Document amb0000020010711dx7b00006

Page 6 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Philosopher King How does BB&T's John Allison explain his bank deals? By quoting the classics. 
Companies People Ideas 
Philosopher King How does BB&T's John Allison explain his bank deals? By quoting the classics. 
BY Nathan Vardi 
787 words 
11 June 2001 
Forbes 
FB 
090 
English 
Copyright 2001 Forbes Inc. 
How does BB&T's John Allison explain his slew of bank deals? By quoting the classics. 
Ask the chief executive of BB&T Corp. why he has made his latest acquisition, and John Allison will cite the 
usual financial ratios and accounting acronyms. Then he will quote Aristotle: "We are what we repeatedly do." 
Wall Street analysts and fund managers who recently trudged to Winston-Salem, N.C. to hear the 52-year-old 
Allison speak got a lecture in classical philosophy. Half the two hours was spent on ideas like the great Greek's 
defense of deductive reasoning, the point being that logic should inform decisions on everything from car loans to 
cashouts. 
Sometimes Allison's aphorisms have a more contemporary sound: He's a big fan of Ayn Rand. But he's fond of 
Thomas Aquinas and John Locke, too. He takes a week off each year to study philosophy. So can his senior 
managers, who are required to attend educational retreats and are "encouraged" to read a nonbanking book 
monthly. 
Between those engagements, Allison expects them to see opportunity in setbacks. BB&T's proposed merger with 
better-known crosstown rival Wachovia last year was quietly rebuffed. But now that southeastern rivals First 
Union and SunTrust Banks are bidding for Wachovia, Allison is musing on his next move. He expects to bid on 
hundreds of millions in deposits the acquirer will shed for antitrust approval. And given First Union's trouble 
digesting past prey and the inherent problems associated with SunTrust's hostile offer, he should be able to woo 
any disgruntled Wachovia customers and employees. 
When Allison took the helm at what was then Branch Banking & Trust 12 years ago, it was a sleepy farm lender 
with $5 billion in assets. Now, after gobbling up 50 banks and thrifts, 47 insurance agencies and 14 nonbank 
financial-services firms, BB&T has assets of $66 billion, making it the 19th-largest bank in the country. 
Shareholders were diluted but not damaged by this rampage of buying: Under Allison the stock is up 700%. 
Allison's philosophy of decentralization, he says, is an application of Rand's objectivist principles championing 
individualism--but with accountability. BB&T has 23 regional presidents, each with a lot of autonomy; every year, 
it seems, one of them gets axed. Sales reps are expected to make ten calls daily to customers and two of them 
must be in person. Branch officers are given commercial lending authority, something many community banks 
don't allow. 
"Unlike several of his industry counterparts, John has spent lots of time thinking about how you get bigger and 
better at the same time," says Anthony Plath, a finance professor at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte. 
"The military has figured out you don't fight for some grand cause; you die for the guy in the trench next to you. 
John makes you feel part of a small team even though you work for a large entity." Seems to work. BB&T's recent 
1.61% return on assets is much better than the year-end industry average of 1.19%. 
Allison doesn't always buy cheap. This year he bought F&M National of Winchester, Va. for $1.2 billion, 22 times 
trailing earnings and 3 times book. Last year he paid $1.2 billion (15 times earnings, 2 times book) for One Valley 
Bancorp, to cement his position in the slow-growing West Virginia market, of all places. For all its rise, his own 
stock is trading at only 16 times trailing earnings. BB&T's earnings restatements and merger-related charges in 
eight of the last nine quarters don't speak well. 
Investors, however, have pushed BB&T shares up 40% in the last year, partly because BB&T is less vulnerable to 
the deteriorating credit cycle than other banks. BB&T lends only on strong collateral and only in small

Page 7 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
amounts--its average business loan is less than $250,000. The bank's nonperforming assets are rising, but at a 
recent 0.38% of total assets they are much lower than the 0.74% year-end industry average. 
Allison admits it will get harder to post such results as BB&T continues to grow. But, as he anonymously penned 
in a handout, The BB&T Philosophy, "What is, is. If we want to be better, we must act." He's no Plato, but if he 
can keep the earnings up, who cares? 
Document fb00000020010711dx6b000wi

Page 8 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Alabama May Loom on North Carolina-Based Bank's Horizon 
Alabama May Loom on North Carolina-Based Bank's Horizon 
Richard Craver 
598 words 
5 June 2001 
Knight Ridder Tribune Business News - KRTBN 
KRTBN 
English 
Copyright (C) 2001 KRTBN Knight Ridder Tribune Business News; Source: World Reporter (TM) 
Merger mania in the banking industry recently has linked BB&T with Alabama-based AmSouth. 
BB&T spokesman Bob Denham said Friday the bank has no comment about acquiring AmSouth, which was 
mentioned as a possibility in news reports last week. 
A financial industry analyst, who declined to be identified, said there are no current negotiations involving the two 
banks. 
AmSouth, headquartered in Birmingham, has $38.8 billion in assets and 600 branches. It operates in Alabama, 
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi and Tennessee. 
AmSouth officials could not be reached for comment Friday. 
Denham said the bank is continuing to look at appropriate merger and acquisition possibilities. He added BB&T is 
aware of how some analysts are looking to partner up banks in light of the Wachovia-First Union-SunTrust merger 
scenario. 
BB&T's most recent acquisition occurred Jan. 24 when it bought F&M National Corp. of Winchester, Va., in a 
$1.17 billion stock swap, and Virginia Capital Bancshares of Fredericksburg, Va., in a $180.5 million stock swap. 
Since 1989, BB&T has bought 45 community banks and thrifts, 58 insurance agencies and 13 nonbank financial 
services companies. 
Industry analyst Charles Moyer said he believes BB&T can survive just fine without having to grow themselves 
unnecessarily. 
"A regional bank like BB&T, with the market capitalization it has ($14.67 billion as of Friday) can still survive on its 
own in this day and age," said Moyer, dean of Wake Forest University's Babcock Graduate School of 
Management. "BB&T's mode of acquisition has been to focus on banks in the $100 million to $5 billion range, 
which helps it not get too big too fast." Moyer said Wachovia was in a similar position to BB&T before it began 
having bad loan problems last year. 
"I would have said in early 2000 it would have been hard to see a hostile or semihostile takeover bid succeed 
against Wachovia," Moyer said. "That shows you how quickly things can change in the banking industry. 
"That said, I believe the odds are very slim that a hostile or semihostile takeover could be successful involving 
BB&T." Tony Plath, another industry analyst, said BB&T needs to learn from Wachovia's dilemma in order to 
avoid repeating it. 
"You cannot stay still in the banking industry anymore," said Plath, a finance professor at the University of North 
Carolina at Charlotte. "You do that long enough, and have a mishap or miscalculation, and you become a 
takeover target." Plath said he believes that John Allison, BB&T's chief executive officer, is smart enough to 
realize that reality. That's why Plath believes BB&T eventually may elect to pursue AmSouth or a similar-sized 
Southeast bank. 
"The Wachovia merger deal has probably hastened Allison's interest in acquiring," Plath said. "In that case, an 
AmSouth acquisition in Alabama is no more out of the question than acquiring One Valley Bancorp in West 
Virginia." Whether BB&T acquires another sizable bank or not may determine whether it goes into play as a 
takeover target by the end of the year, Plath concluded.

Page 9 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"In a slower economy, BB&T may not be a target for two, three or more years," Plath said. "If the economy 
improves by early next year, it might go in the bull's-eye of an acquirer with deep pockets looking to enter the 
Southeast." 
Document krtbn00020010712dx6500ncz

Page 10 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
BB&T to Acquire Virginia Capital Bancshares of Fredericksburg, Va. 
BB&T to Acquire Virginia Capital Bancshares of Fredericksburg, Va. 
1,176 words 
24 January 2001 
08:16 
PR Newswire 
PRN 
English 
(c) 2001 PR Newswire 
WINSTON-SALEM, N.C., Jan. 24 /PRNewswire/ -- BB&T Corporation (NYSE: BBT) today said it plans to buy 
Virginia Capital Bancshares Inc. (Nasdaq: VCAP) of Fredericksburg, Va., in a $180.5 million stock swap. The 
acquisition, one of two BB&T announced today, would expand BB&T's presence along the fast-growing Interstate 
95 corridor between Richmond, Va., and Washington, D.C. 
Virginia Capital Bancshares is a $532.7 million bank holding company for Fredericksburg State Bank, which 
operates one banking office in Fredericksburg, two in Spotsylvania County and one in Stafford County. 
The transaction, approved by the directors of both companies, currently is valued at $18.50 per Virginia Capital 
share based on BB&T's closing price Tuesday of $37.31. The final exchange ratio will be based on a pricing 
period prior to the Virginia Capital shareholders' vote on the proposed merger. The transaction will be accounted 
for as a purchase. 
"Fredericksburg State Bank is a well-respected, community-oriented institution with a 78-year tradition of service," 
said BB&T Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John Allison. "This acquisition gives us the No. 1 market share 
in Fredericksburg, one of the fastest growing areas of the country and part of the economically viable 
Washington-Baltimore CMSA." 
An emerging high-tech center, Fredericksburg will soon be surrounded by three circuit manufacturing facilities 
within a 50-mile radius. The three facilities represent more than half of Virginia's recently announced $12 billion 
investment in high-tech companies and will employ more than 10,000 people. 
The announcement comes on the same day BB&T said it would buy Winchester, Va.-based F&M National 
Corporation. Together, the mergers would increase BB&T's Virginia assets to more than $11 billion and move 
BB&T from sixth to a tie for fourth in market share in the state. Home to 16 Fortune 500 companies, Virginia has 
the highest per capita income of any state in the Southeast. 
Fredericksburg State Bank was founded in 1922 as Mutual Building and Loan Association. 
Fredericksburg State Bank customers will be introduced to BB&T's broad product and services line, which 
includes insurance, mutual funds, trust, online banking, annuities, investment banking, retail brokerage, treasury 
services, international banking and leasing. 
"As a hometown bank proud of the commitment we've made to generations of families in this area, it's great to be 
joining a customer-oriented organization like BB&T," said Samuel C. Harding Jr., president of Virginia Capital 
Bancshares. "Our customers will be able to take advantage of a much broader line of products and services while 
continuing to enjoy the same attentive service they've grown accustomed to." 
The BB&T community banking network is currently divided into 23 autonomous regions. Each region has its own 
president and operates like a community bank. Nearly all lending decisions are made locally. 
The merger, which is subject to the approval of Virginia Capital shareholders and banking regulators, is expected 
to be completed in the second quarter of 2001. 
With today's announcements, BB&T will take a self-imposed 90-day moratorium on bank and thrift acquisitions, 
Allison said. 
Winston-Salem-based BB&T Corporation, with $60.9 billion in assets, operates 889 banking offices in the 
Carolinas, Georgia, Virginia, Maryland, West Virginia, Tennessee, Kentucky and Washington, D.C. 
BB&T Corporation is the nation's 17th largest financial holding company. More information is available at 
www.BBandT.com.

Page 11 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
This press release contains forward-looking statements as defined by federal securities laws. These statements 
may address issues that involve significant risks, uncertainties, estimates and assumptions made by 
management. Actual results could differ materially from current projections. 
Please refer to BB&T's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a summary of important factors 
that could affect BB&T's forward-looking statements. BB&T undertakes no obligation to revise these statements 
following the date of this press release. 
BB&T's news releases are available at no charge through PR Newswire's Company News On-Call facsimile 
service. For a menu of BB&T's news releases or to retrieve a specific release call 1-800-758-5804, extension 
809325. 
The foregoing may be deemed to be offering materials of BB&T Corporation in connection with BB&T's proposed 
acquisition of Virginia Capital Bancshares Inc., on the terms and subject to the conditions in the Agreement and 
Plan of Reorganization, dated Jan. 23, 2001, between BB&T and Virginia Capital Bancshares Inc. This disclosure 
is being made in connection with Regulation of Takeovers and Security Holder Communications (Release Nos. 
33-7760 and 34-42055) adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). 
Shareholders of Virginia Capital Bancshares Inc. and other investors are urged to read the proxy 
statement/prospectus that will be included in the registration statement on Form S-4, which BB&T will file with the 
SEC in connection with the proposed merger because it will contain important information about BB&T, Virginia 
Capital Bancshares Inc., the merger, the persons soliciting proxies in the merger and their interests in the merger 
and related matters. 
After it is filed with the SEC, the proxy statement/prospectus will be available for free, both on the SEC web site 
(http://www.sec.gov) and from BB&T and Virginia Capital Bancshares Inc. as follows: 
Alan W. Greer, Shareholder Reporting, BB&T Corporation, P.O. Box 1290, Winston-Salem, NC, 27102. 
Telephone: (336) 733-3021. 
Samuel C. Harding Jr., President, Virginia Capital Bancshares Inc., P.O. Box 748, Fredericksburg, VA, 22404. 
Telephone: (540) 899-5500. 
In addition to the proposed registration statement and proxy statement/prospectus, BB&T and Virginia Capital 
Bancshares Inc. file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. 
You may read and copy any reports, statements or other information filed by either company at the SEC's public 
reference rooms at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C., 20549 or at the SEC's other public reference rooms 
in New York and Chicago. 
Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference rooms. BB&T's and 
Virginia Capital Bancshares' filings with the SEC are also available to the public from commercial 
document-retrieval services and on the SEC's web site at http://www.sec.gov. 
Document prn0000020010712dx1o00c59

Page 12 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
BB&T to Acquire F&M National Corporation of Winchester, Va. 
BB&T to Acquire F&M National Corporation of Winchester, Va. 
1,294 words 
24 January 2001 
08:15 
PR Newswire 
PRN 
English 
(c) 2001 PR Newswire 
WINSTON-SALEM, N.C., Jan. 24 /PRNewswire/ -- BB&T Corporation (NYSE: BBT) today said it plans to buy 
F&M National Corporation (NYSE: FMN) of Winchester, Va., in a $1.17 billion stock swap. The acquisition, one 
of two BB&T announced today, would expand BB&T's presence along the Interstate 81 and Interstate 95 
corridors into northern Virginia and the economically strong markets of Richmond and metro Washington, D.C. 
F&M National, with $4 billion in assets, is the parent company to 12 community banking subsidiaries (including 
pending acquisitions) in Virginia, West Virginia and Maryland. It operates 163 banking offices, 13 mortgage 
banking offices, three trust offices and six insurance offices. 
The F&M National merger would move BB&T into the No. 5 market share position in the Washington, D.C., 
metropolitan statistical area, the nation's wealthiest MSA in terms of per capita income; give it the No. 1 deposit 
market share position in Virginia's Tidewater area (Norfolk, Virginia Beach and Newport News); and strengthen its 
position in Richmond, Va., a fast-growing technology center. 
The announcement comes on the same day BB&T said it would buy Fredericksburg, Va.-based Virginia Capital 
Bancshares Inc. Together, the mergers will increase BB&T's Virginia assets to more than $11 billion and move 
BB&T from sixth to a tie for fourth in market share in the state. 
The transaction, approved by the directors of both companies, is valued at $40.67 per F&M National share based 
on BB&T's closing price Tuesday of $37.31. The exchange ratio will be fixed at 1.09 BB&T shares for each F&M 
National share. The transaction will be accounted for as a pooling-of-interests. 
"BB&T's acquisition strategy is to pursue very high quality banks and thrifts in our market areas that improve our 
financial performance and franchise value," said BB&T Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John Allison. "We 
couldn't be more pleased with the prospects of a merger with F&M National, which clearly meets this objective. 
"BB&T and F&M National both have strong branch office networks and very compatible corporate cultures. This 
transaction will enable us to grow our franchise value and build on our momentum in selling fee-based products 
and services." 
F&M National's market area includes north, central and south Virginia including the Shenandoah Valley, as well 
as the eastern panhandle of West Virginia, and Montgomery and Prince George's counties in Maryland. 
F&M was formed in 1969 to serve as the holding company of its then sole subsidiary, F&M Winchester, organized 
in 1902. Since 1998, F&M has acquired approximately $1.4 billion in assets and $1.2 billion in deposits through 
15 acquisitions. 
"Like BB&T, our strategy has been to provide the products and services of a regional bank, while maintaining the 
local appeal and autonomy of a community bank," said F&M National Vice Chairman, President and Chief 
Executive Officer Alfred B. Whitt. 
"We're committed to local decision making that results in responsible, reliable and empathetic client service. The 
fact that BB&T shares this approach makes this a perfect fit." 
The BB&T community banking network is currently divided into 23 autonomous regions. Each region has its own 
president and operates like a community bank. Nearly all lending decisions are made locally. 
The merger, which is subject to the approval of F&M shareholders and banking regulators, is expected to be 
completed in the third quarter. 
With today's announcements, BB&T will take a self-imposed 90-day moratorium on bank and thrift acquisitions, 
Allison said.

Page 13 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Winston-Salem-based BB&T Corporation, with $60.9 billion in assets, operates 889 banking offices in the 
Carolinas, Georgia, Virginia, Maryland, West Virginia, Tennessee, Kentucky and Washington, D.C. 
BB&T Corporation is the nation's 17th largest financial holding company. More information is available at 
www.BBandT.com. 
This press release contains forward-looking statements as defined by federal securities laws. These statements 
may address issues that involve significant risks, uncertainties, estimates and assumptions made by 
management. Actual results could differ materially from current projections. 
Please refer to BB&T's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a summary of important factors 
that could affect BB&T's forward-looking statements. BB&T undertakes no obligation to revise these statements 
following the date of this press release. 
BB&T's news releases are available at no charge through PR Newswire's Company News On-Call facsimile 
service. For a menu of BB&T's news releases or to retrieve a specific release call 1-800-758-5804, extension 
809325. 
The foregoing may be deemed to be offering materials of BB&T Corporation in connection with BB&T's proposed 
acquisition of F&M National Corporation, on the terms and subject to the conditions in the Agreement and Plan of 
Reorganization, dated Jan. 23, 2001, between BB&T and F&M National Corporation. This disclosure is being 
made in connection with Regulation of Takeovers and Security Holder Communications (Release Nos. 33-7760 
and 34-42055) adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). 
Shareholders of F&M National Corporation and other investors are urged to read the proxy statement/prospectus 
that will be included in the registration statement on Form S-4, which BB&T will file with the SEC in connection 
with the proposed merger because it will contain important information about BB&T, F&M National Corporation, 
the merger, the persons soliciting proxies in the merger and their interests in the merger and related matters. 
After it is filed with the SEC, the proxy statement/prospectus will be available for free, both on the SEC web site 
(http://www.sec.gov) and from BB&T and F&M National Corporation as follows: 
Alan W. Greer, Shareholder Reporting, BB&T Corporation, P.O. Box 1290, Winston-Salem, NC, 27102. 
Telephone: (336) 733-3021. 
Michael Bryan, Secretary and General Counsel, F&M National Corporation, 9 Court Square, Winchester, VA, 
22601. Telephone: (540) 665-4200. 
In addition to the proposed registration statement and proxy statement/prospectus, BB&T and F&M National 
Corporation file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You 
may read and copy any reports, statements or other information filed by either company at the SEC's public 
reference rooms at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C., 20549 or at the SEC's other public reference rooms 
in New York and Chicago. 
Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference rooms. BB&T's and F&M 
National's filings with the SEC are also available to the public from commercial document-retrieval services and 
on the SEC's web site at http://www.sec.gov. 
Document prn0000020010712dx1o00c53 
Search Summary 
Text John Allison AND F&M National 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2002 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company BB&T Corp. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions

Page 14 of 14 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Language English

