Page 1 of 15 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Intel in $1.6bn DSP comms buy. .....................................................................................................................................2 
Intel Stakes Out 3G Claim : Giant buying wireless tech holder DSPC for $1.6B.(DSP Communications)(Company 
Business and Marketing).................................................................................................................................................3 
Intel to buy DSP Communications for $1.6 billion. ..........................................................................................................5 
THE AMERICAS - Intel to buy Israeli chip designer........................................................................................................6 
Intel Buys DSP Communications for Mobile Phone Chipset. ..........................................................................................7 
FOCUS-Intel to buy DSP Communications for $1.6 billion. ............................................................................................8 
Intel sees DPS deal closing in 30-60 days. ...................................................................................................................10 
FULL TEXT-Intel to buy DSP Comm for $1.6 bln cash. ................................................................................................11 
Intel To Acquire DSP Communications In $1.6 Billion Cash Deal.................................................................................13 
Intel CEO -2: Internet Device Mkt A New 'Beachhead'>INTC .......................................................................................14 
Intel eyes comms IC company. .....................................................................................................................................15

Page 2 of 15 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Intel in $1.6bn DSP comms buy. 
Intel in $1.6bn DSP comms buy. 
225 words 
20 October 1999 
Electronics Weekly 
ELCWKY 
6
English 
(c) 1999 Reed Business Information Not Available for Redissemination 
Intel is buying wireless chipmaker DSP Communications for $1.6bn as it continues its torrid pace of acquisitions 
in communications markets. 
The deal follows on the heels of Intel's acquisition of network gear maker iPivot last week for $500m. Intel will pay 
cash for Israel-based DSP Communications which has developed chipsets, reference designs and related 
technologies for cellular communications products. 
"It brings tremendous experience in cellular digital and voice technologies," said Intel CEO Craig Barrett. 
"Cellular technology is emerging as a new high-speed method of connecting to the Internet and we believe over 
time will become increasingly important for connecting PCs to the Internet." 
Intel has made about 14 acquisitions over the last two years as it expands beyond its core microprocessor 
markets. 
The deal was unveiled as Intel announced third quarter results which were below analyst estimates. The firm 
blamed lower prices of its microprocessors as it continues with its strategy of aggressive price cuts to keep 
competitor AMD from establishing its products in key PC markets. 
Intel said that it shipped record numbers of microprocessors with total revenues of $7.33bn for the third quarter. 
It is also suffering from product delays with its Coppermine microprocessor and the 820 chipset which supports 
Rambus memories. 
Copyright Reed Business Information 1999 
Not Available for Redissemination. 
Document elcwky0020010904dvak001sd

Page 3 of 15 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Intel Stakes Out 3G Claim : Giant buying wireless tech holder DSPC for $1.6B.(DSP Communications)(Company Business and Marketing) 
Intel Stakes Out 3G Claim : Giant buying wireless tech holder DSPC for $1.6B.(DSP 
Communications)(Company Business and Marketing) 
GALE MORRISON 
555 words 
18 October 1999 
Electronic News 
ELNW 
10 
ISSN 1061-6624; Volume 45; Issue 42 
English 
Copyright 1999 Gale Group Inc. All rights reserved. 
Intel Corp. has become even more determined in its desire to be the component supplier for the Internet. 
In the most direct bid yet to claim wireless communications market share of Texas Instruments, Motorola and 
Lucent Technologies, Intel, Santa Clara, Calif., is acquiring DSP Communications Inc. of Cupertino, Calif., for 
about $1.6 billion. 
DSPC specializes in chipsets, reference designs, software and other system expertise for wireless handsets. Intel 
intends to leverage that into wireless data interface components for computing systems. 
Craig Barrett, Intel president and chief executive officer, and Ron Smith, vice president and general manager of 
the Computing Enhancement Group of which DSPC will be a part, said the acquisition is part of Intel's 
fundamental belief that the Internet is going wireless. 
Barrett said that just as the wired infrastructure with the Internet explosion went from carrying mostly voice calls to 
carrying mostly data, so too will the wireless infrastructure. Intel wants to have the components ready for a world 
where data is received over a wireless Internet. 
A wireless Internet will come with the so-called 3G, shorthand for third-generation wireless communications. In 
the Global 3G implementation that Qualcomm Inc. of San Diego (with its hold on code division multiple access, or 
CDMA patents) has laid out, the airwaves will carry voice, data and video simultaneously, not over separate lines 
as in the wired world. 
Dozens of semiconductor industry players - from EDA player Mentor Graphics Corp. to test house Schlumberger 
Ltd. - are rallying their business strategy around this vision. Qualcomm even recently pulled up stakes on its 
handset business to focus on proliferating this technology, via royalties and licenses of the chip and system 
expertise it has patented. 
For the critical infrastructure - base stations, transmitters, etc. - half of the 3G equation, Qualcomm has 40 
manufacturers on board and Sprint and Lucent Technologies networks business running trials in the first half of 
next year. 
Smith and Davidi Gilo, DSPC chairman, said that the two companies have a killer combination for wireless 
components. They will offer the Intel flash memory that OEMs already prefer most and Intel's "best MIPS per 
watt" StrongARM embedded processor with DSPC's expertise for current handset configurations as well as the 
coming 3G. 
Intel and DSPC still have to negotiate some tricky competitor/collaborator relationships. DSPC will start shipping 
an IBM co-developed RF subsystem this week. The bank analysts attending the acquisition tried to prod the two 
firms to explain how the existing DSPC/Qualcomm agreements will be successfully transferred to Intel. Several 
cited the apparent difficulty Philips Semiconductors had with this exact issue in its VLSI Technology Inc. 
acquisition. 
Smith would only reply, "To the extent required, Intel either already has or is in a position to acquire the licenses 
(from Qualcomm)." 
Qualcomm, for its part, devoted last week to Telecom '99 in Geneva. A company spokeswoman said, "DSPC's 
CDMA license does not automatically transfer to Intel. Licensing agreements will need to be negotiated with Intel. 
DSPC's current license covers IS-95 CDMA, which is not 3G."

Page 4 of 15 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
FULL TEXT Electronic News Publishing Corp. THIS IS THE FULL TEXT: COPYRIGHT 1999 Cahners Publishing 
Company Subscription: $69.00 per year. Published weekly. 
Document elnw000020010827dvai002eu

Page 5 of 15 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Intel to buy DSP Communications for $1.6 billion. 
Intel to buy DSP Communications for $1.6 billion. 
209 words 
16 October 1999 
The Times of India 
TOI 
English 
(c) 1999 The Times of India Group 
SAN FRANCISCO: Intel Corp. has agreed to buy wireless telephone chip maker DSP Communications Inc. in a 
$1.6 billion deal, the companies said on Thursday, the latest in a series of aggressive moves by Intel to go 
beyond its traditional microprocessor business. 
Under the terms of the deal, Intel, the world's largest chip maker, will pay $36 in cash for each share of DSPC, 
which is based in Cupertino, California. The company develops chip sets, software and other key technologies for 
wireless handsets. 
"I think the acquisition of DSP Communications absolutely fits into our strategic vision," Craig Barrett, Intel's 
president and chief executive, said on a conference call. "Our vision is that the Internet will increasingly go 
wireless ... especially in the form of handheld devices." 
Barrett said the cellular communications market segment was emerging as a very important element of the 
Internet and was bound to become much more important in the future. 
The deal comes just two days after Intel reported third-quarter earnings of 55 cents a share that were below Wall 
Street's expectations, as prices of the company's core microprocessors fell in the quarter. (Reuters). 
(c) 1999 The Times of India Group. 
Document toi0000020010912dvag00b4k

Page 6 of 15 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
THE AMERICAS - Intel to buy Israeli chip designer. 
THE AMERICAS - Intel to buy Israeli chip designer. 
By AVI MACHLIS. 
433 words 
15 October 1999 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
29 
English 
(c) 1999 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
Intel, the world's biggest chipmaker, has agreed to acquire DSP Communications of Israel, which develops 
software and chips for use in cellular telephones, for $1.6bn in cash. 
"Cellular communications technology is emerging as a very important element of the internet, and this acquisition 
is consistent with Intel's strategy of being the building block supplier to the world internet economy," said Craig 
Barrett, Intel president and chief executive. 
The deal is Intel's biggest cash acquisition to date, and ranks second overall to its all-stock purchase of Level One 
Communications, which was valued at $2.2bn when the deal was announced in March. 
It is also the biggest foreign acquisition of an Israeli technology company, dwarfing the purchase in March of New 
Dimension Software by Houston's BMC Software for more than $650m. 
Intel said DSPC would improve its ability to address the growing market for wireless internet access devices. 
"Internet access is increasingly going wireless, via handheld devices, and we are very excited about the business 
opportunities," said Mr Barrett. 
DSPC, which is a leading supplier of chips and software to cellular telephone manufacturers, particularly in 
Japan, "brings tremendous experience in cellular digital and voice technologies which, when combined with Intel's 
data and internet expertise will provide a more complete solution to the broad cellular market segment", Mr 
Barrett added. 
Intel will buy all of DSPC's outstanding shares for $36 a share, a premium of 28 per cent to Wednesday's closing 
price. 
DSPC shares had jumped to $35 1/16 by mid-session yesterday, while Intel rose $5/16 to $72 7/16. 
The acquisition was expected to be accretive "early in the next decade", said Mr Barrett. 
Davidi Gilo, DSPC chief executive and founder, said a small company like DSPC had to link up with a 
multinational to compete against semiconductor giants such as Motorola and Texas Instruments. 
"It was clear to us that we needed a strategic partner," he said. 
Founded in 1987, DSPC has its headquarters in Silicon Valley, but 80 per cent of its 300 employees, and most of 
the research and development operations, are based in Israel. 
The company had net income of $29m on revenues of $131m in 1998. 
Analysts said the acquisition was in line with Intel's strategy. 
"DSPC has a fantastic array of technologies which companies like Intel do not have the time to invent from 
scratch," said Eddy Shalev, director of CIBC Oppenheimer's Tel Aviv affiliate. 
Copyright Financial Times Limited 1999. All Rights Reserved. 
Document ftft000020010905dvaf00kp4

Page 7 of 15 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Intel Buys DSP Communications for Mobile Phone Chipset. 
Intel Buys DSP Communications for Mobile Phone Chipset. 
355 words 
15 October 1999 
Computergram International 
CGIN 
ISSN: 0268-716X 
English 
Copyright 1999 Gale Group Inc. All rights reserved. 
Intel Corp has announced that it intends to buy DSP Communications Inc for $1.6bn to increase its presence in 
the mobile phone chipset market. Initially, Intel will use software and baseband technology from the Cupertino, 
California-based company to develop chipsets for the CDMA, TDMA and PDC standards. Intel hopes that the 
acquisition will stand it in good stead as third generation mobile standards solidify and the market for wireless 
data services grows. 
DSPC will become a wholly owned subsidiary and will be part of Intel's Computing Enhancement Group. Intel will 
combine its silicon with DSPC's algorithms, the CEO of DSPC, David Gilo, said that he expected the integration 
effort to take between twelve and eighteen months. Intel CEO, Craig Barrett, said that the acquisition would build 
on the strength of Intel's StrongARM processor and Flash memory chips in the handset market. However, Intel 
was keen to stress that the deal would not affect its existing work on mobile phone chipsets with Qualcomm Inc, 
Texas Instruments Inc and Analog Devices Inc. 
DSPC is particularly strong in the Japanese market, working with customers such as NTT Mobile 
Communications Network Inc and Sanyo Corp. Ron Smith, vice president and general manager of the Computing 
Enhancement Group said that Intel sees DSPC's Japanese presence as a way for Intel to establish a head start 
in the 3G market because Japan will have 3G networks up and running before the US. In the future, Smith also 
envisages the Bluetooth short- range wireless interconnect chips being integrated with DSPC- developed 
chipsets. 
However, Intel was less forthcoming on the question of patents and licenses. DSPC has frequently cross-licensed 
or otherwise bought technology to help develop its products from companies such as Qualcomm. Neither Barrett 
nor Smith would be drawn on the question, other than to say that Intel either had or would buy whatever patents it 
needed. Interestingly, DSPC is already working with IBM on PDC chipsets, but Gilo said that the subsidiary would 
continue to work with IBM and actively seek other chipset deals. 
FULL TEXT 
Document cgin000020010826dvaf005h5

Page 8 of 15 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
FOCUS-Intel to buy DSP Communications for $1.6 billion. 
FOCUS-Intel to buy DSP Communications for $1.6 billion. 
488 words 
14 October 1999 
11:50 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1999 Reuters Limited 
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct 14 (Reuters) - Intel Corp. has agreed to buy wireless telephone chip maker DSP 
Communications Inc., in a $1.6 billion deal, the companies said on Thursday, the latest in a series of aggressive 
moves by Intel to move beyond its traditional microprocessor business. 
Under the terms of the deal, Intel, the world's largest chip maker, will pay $36 in cash for each share of DSP, 
which is based in California but does most of its research and development in Israel. 
DSP's shares jumped 7-1/8, more than 25 percent, to 35-1/8 in morning trading on the New York Stock 
Exchange. 
The deal, which Intel says is part of its plan to develop more Internet products, comes just two days after Intel 
reported third-quarter earnings of 55 cents a share, 2 cents below the analysts' consensus estimate of 57 cents a 
share excluding acquisition costs. 
Intel's stock was off 1 at 71-1/8 on Nasdaq. 
"DSPC brings tremendous experience in cellular digital and voice technologies which, when combined with Intel's 
data and Internet expertise, will provide a more complete solution to the broad cellular market segment," Intel 
Chief Executive Officer Craig Barrett said in a statement. 
"Cellular technology is emerging as a new high-speed method of connecting to the Internet and we believe over 
time will become increasingly important for connecting PCs to the Internet," he said. 
Mona Eraiba, senior vice president at Gruntal & Co. said DSP was a good piece in Intel's expansion plan. 
"It just fits with a strategy they have been pursuing which is to build a whole broad range of products related to 
networking and communications," Eraiba said in a telephone interview. "It is a good company." 
Intel has made other acquisitions this year in the telecommunications industry, including the $780 million 
purchase of Dialogic Corp., the $3.5 billion acquisition of Level One Communications, and the $180 million 
purchase of Shiva Corp. 
DSP's board of directors has already approved the deal, which is conditional upon DSP shareholders offering a 
majority of shares in the $36 tender offer. DSP's current and former chief executive officers have already 
tendered their shares, the companies said. 
"Combining DSPC's cellular expertise with Intel's semiconductor and data capabilities will create a leading 
provider of cellular voice products, as well as establish voice and data solutions for the future," DSP Chairman 
Davidi Gilo said in a statement. "The industry needs suppliers that can deliver solutions such as chipset, design 
and software to meet customers' cellular technology needs." 
The companies said in a statement they do not anticipate any immediate changes to their respective product lines 
as a result of the deal. DSP will also continue to deliver products under existing agreements. 
((-San Francisco newsroom 1 415 677 2542)). 
(C) Reuters Limited 1999. 
Document lba0000020010909dvae022m3

Page 9 of 15 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.

Page 10 of 15 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Intel sees DPS deal closing in 30-60 days. 
Intel sees DPS deal closing in 30-60 days. 
146 words 
14 October 1999 
13:27 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1999 Reuters Limited 
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct 14 (Reuters) - Intel Corp. president and chief executive Craig Barrett said he expects the 
company's just-announced $1.6 billion deal to buy DSP Communications Inc. to close within 30 to 60 days. 
"It will require government approval," Barrett told analysts and reporters on a conference call. "I don't suspect 
there will be any second requests. I would expect it to close in a 30 to 60 day timeframe." 
Intel said it is too early to determine what kind of a charge the company will take for the deal. Barrett expects all of 
the company's recently announced acquisitions combined to be accretive to Intel's earnings early in the next 
decade, but he was not more specific. 
((therese.poletti@reuters.com, SF Bureau, 415/677-2542)). 
(C) Reuters Limited 1999. 
Document lba0000020010909dvae021w2

Page 11 of 15 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
FULL TEXT-Intel to buy DSP Comm for $1.6 bln cash. 
FULL TEXT-Intel to buy DSP Comm for $1.6 bln cash. 
1,097 words 
14 October 1999 
08:49 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1999 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, Oct 14 (Reuters) - Intel Corp. will buy wireless telephone chip maker DSP Communications Inc. for 
$1.6 billion in cash in Intel's latest move to move beyond its core chip business, the companies said on Thursday, 
- PRESS RELEASE - 
SANTA CLARA, Calif.-(BUSINESS WIRE)-Oct. 14, 1999-Intel Corporation and DSP Communications, Inc. 
(NYSE: DSP) today announced the companies have entered into a definitive agreement under which Intel would 
acquire DSP Communications, Inc (DSPC) for $36 a share in an all-cash tender offer valued at approximately 
$1.6 billion. 
DSPC is a leading supplier of solutions for digital cellular communications products. DSPC products enable new 
generations of feature-rich, compact, lightweight wireless handsets by providing a complete solution, including 
chipsets, reference design, software and other key technologies. 
This acquisition is an important element of Intel's plan to become the leading building block supplier to the 
Internet. In recent years, cellular telephone adoption has exploded on a worldwide basis. Cellular voice and data 
applications are growing at a rapid pace and emerging cellular broadband data communications networks can 
enable new Internet applications. In addition, cellular communication is expected to be integrated into new types 
of Internet clients, such as handheld devices and mobile computers, which will include voice, data and Internet 
access. 
"DSPC brings tremendous experience in cellular digital and voice technologies which, when combined with Intel's 
data and Internet expertise, will provide a more complete solution to the broad cellular market segment," said 
Craig Barrett, president and chief executive officer of Intel. "Cellular technology is emerging as a new high-speed 
method of connecting to the Internet and we believe over time will become increasingly important for connecting 
PCs to the Internet." 
"Combining DSPC's cellular expertise with Intel's semiconductor and data capabilities will create a leading 
provider of cellular voice products, as well as establish voice and data solutions for the future," said Davidi Gilo, 
chairman and chief executive officer of DSPC. "The industry needs suppliers that can deliver solutions such as 
chipset, design and software to meet customers' cellular technology needs." 
DSPC's cellular technology solutions allow cellular handset manufacturers to build better devices with superior 
performance, high integration and the smallest form factors while significantly reducing power consumption, 
time-to-market and overall system cost. DSPC provides expertise in digital cellular technologies for personal 
digital cellular (PDC), time division multiple access (TDMA), code division multiple access (CDMA) and 
third-generation (3G) standards. 
Under the agreement, DSPC would become a wholly owned subsidiary of Intel reporting within Intel's Computing 
Enhancement Group. DSPC employees will continue as employees of the new subsidiary. The companies do not 
anticipate any immediate changes to their respective product lines and DSPC intends to continue delivering 
products to customers under existing agreements, as well as maintain its existing manufacturing relationships. 
The agreement provides for a cash tender offer to acquire all of the outstanding shares of DSPC common stock 
at $36 per share, which will commence by Intel within five business days. The Board of Directors of DSPC has 
approved the definitive agreement and has recommended that DSPC stockholders tender their shares pursuant 
to the offer. Intel's obligations to accept shares tendered in the offer will be conditional upon the tender of a 
majority of outstanding DSPC shares on a fully-diluted basis, regulatory approvals and other customary 
conditions. The current and former chief executive officers of DSPC have agreed to tender their shares in the

Page 12 of 15 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
offer. It is expected that all shares not purchased in the tender offer will be converted into the right to receive $36 
per share in a second-step merger following the tender offer. 
Headquartered in Silicon Valley, DSPC is a leading independent developer and supplier of form-fit reference 
designs, chipsets and software to mobile phone manufacturers. DSPC develops, markets, licenses, and sells 
application specific integrated circuits (ASICs) based on digital signal processing (DSP) technology, software 
stacks, and reference design development kits for advanced wireless voice and data communications 
applications. DSPC wireless technology products support leading global standards for CDMA, TDMA, and PDC, 
and will also support emerging third generation (3G) standards such as Wideband CDMA and cdma2000. The 
company's customers include Cadence, Denso, Kenwood, Kyocera, Kokusai, Lucent Technologies, Motorola, 
NEC, Philips, Pioneer, SANYO, Sharp, and SK Teletech. DSPC maintains a presence worldwide with offices in 
the United States, Japan, Israel, and Canada. DSPC stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the 
symbol DSP. For more information, please visit http://www.dspc.com. 
Intel, the world's largest chip maker, is also a leading manufacturer of computer, networking and communications 
products. Additional information about Intel is available at http://www.intel.com/pressroom. 
This release contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations or beliefs, as well as a number of 
assumptions about future events, and these statements are subject to factors and uncertainties that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. The reader is cautioned 
not to put undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are not a guarantee of future performance 
and are subject to a number of uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside the control of Intel and 
DSPC. The forward-looking statements in this release address a variety of subjects including, for example, the 
expected date of closing of the acquisition and the potential benefits of the merger. The following factors, among 
others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements: 
the risk that DSPC's business will not be successfully integrated with Intel's business; costs associated with the 
merger; the successful completion of the tender; the inability to obtain the approval of DSPC's stockholders; 
matters arising in connection with the parties' efforts to comply with applicable regulatory requirements relating to 
the transaction; risks associated with entering into new market segments; and increased competition and 
technological changes in the industries in which Intel and DSPC compete. For a detailed discussion of these and 
other cautionary statements, please refer to Intel's and DSPC's filings with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, including their respective Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 26, 1998, for Intel, 
and Dec. 31, 1998, for DSPC and their respective Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 
27, 1999, for Intel and the quarter ended March 31, 1999, for DSPC. 
(C) Reuters Limited 1999. 
Document lba0000020010909dvae01v59

Page 13 of 15 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Intel To Acquire DSP Communications In $1.6 Billion Cash Deal 
Intel To Acquire DSP Communications In $1.6 Billion Cash Deal 
394 words 
14 October 1999 
08:49 
Dow Jones Business News 
DJON 
English 
(Copyright (c) 1999, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
SANTA CLARA, Calif. -(Dow Jones)- Extending its buying spree, semiconductor giant Intel Corp. Thursday said it 
agreed to acquire DSP Communications Inc, a developer of chip sets and products for mobile-communications 
services, for $1.6 billion in cash. 
The deal calls for Intel (INTC) to pay $36 a share for all outstanding shares of Cupertino, Calif.-based DSP (DSP). 
The offer represents a 29% premium to DSP's closing price Wednesday of $28 on the New York Stock Exchange. 
At the close of trading Thursday, DSP shares were up $6.938, or 25%, at $34.938. Intel shares closed up $1.219, 
at $73.344. 
Under the agreement, DSP would become a wholly owned subsidiary of Intel, reporting within Intel's computing 
enhancement group. DSP employees will continue as employees of the new subsidiary. 
DSP specializes in so-called digital signal processing, or DSP, chip sets for wireless phones and other devices. 
The company provides expertise in digital cellular technologies for personal digital cellular, or PDC, time division 
multiple access, or TDMA, code division multiple access, or CDMA, and third-generation wireless phone 
standards. DSP had 1998 net income of $29.4 million, on $131.1 million in revenue. 
Intel said the DSP purchase is part of its move to become the leading building block supplier to the Internet. As it 
searches for new growth, Intel is expanding beyond microprocessors into networking gear, server and 
communication appliances, and Internet services. Each is designed to capitalize on the growth of the Internet. 
"DSPC brings tremendous experience in cellular digital and voice technologies which, when combined with Intel's 
data and Internet expertise, will provide a more complete solution to the broad cellular market segment," said 
Craig Barrett, president and chief executive officer of Intel. "Cellular technology is emerging as a new high-speed 
method of connecting to the Internet and we believe over time will become increasingly important for connecting 
PCs to the Internet." 
The deal follows Intel's disappointing earnings report Tuesday and last week's announcement that it will acquire 
privately held IPivot Inc., a maker of networking equipment and software tailored for online-commerce 
applications, for $500 million, extending the company's $4.5 billion acquisition spree this year. 
Copyright (c) 1999 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
All Rights Reserved. 
Document djon000020020330dvae00472

Page 14 of 15 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Intel CEO -2: Internet Device Mkt A New 'Beachhead'>INTC 
Intel CEO -2: Internet Device Mkt A New 'Beachhead'>INTC 
By Christopher Grimes 
336 words 
14 October 1999 
13:30 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(Copyright (c) 1999, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Intel Corp. (INTC), anticipating an explosion in small devices that wirelessly connect to 
the Internet, agreed to buy DSP Communications Inc. (DSP) for $1.6 billion in cash. 
"The cellular communications market is bound to become much more important as we go forward," said Craig 
Barrett, Intel's chief executive, in a conference call. "Our vision is that the Internet will increasingly go wireless." 
DSP Communications develops software and chipsets that are used in cell phones. The company avoids direct 
competition in the general DSP chip market with companies like Texas Instruments Inc. (TXN), Lucent 
Technologies Inc. (LU) or Analog Devices Inc. (ADI). 
While Barrett said Intel will pursue DSP's current cell phone business, he considers the emerging Internet device 
market a "beachhead" to be conquered. 
In a recent interview with Dow Jones Newswires, Barrett said Intel should have spotted the possiblity that wireless 
could be the next big thing a few years ago. 
"A couple of years ago, you could have anticipated that wireless was going to be increasingly in our future,," 
Barrett said. "And Intel might have started a basic research effort in wireless." 
Intel has been on an outright buying spree this year, spending more than $5 billion in areas well outside its 
traditional PC chip business. It bought Level One Technologies for $2.42 billion to gain a foothold in the 
networking and communications business. 
Intel offered $36 a share for DSP Communications; the stock closed Wednesday at 28 and had a 52-week high of 
32 5/8 in June. After the deal was announced, DSP shares soared 7 1/16, or 25.2%, to 35 1/8. The deal was 
Intel's largest all-cash acquisition. 
In the conference call, Barrett said he sees the deal closing within 30 to 60 days, and he said he didn't expect any 
regulatory hurdles. 
(MORE) DOW JONES NEWS 10-14-99 
01:30 PM 
Document dj00000020010827dvae06uj0

Page 15 of 15 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Intel eyes comms IC company. 
Intel eyes comms IC company. 
186 words 
10 March 1999 
Electronics Weekly 
ELCWKY 
4
English 
(c) 1999 Reed Business Information Not Available for Redissemination 
Intel has signalled a new focus with its intention to acquire communications IC firm Level One Communications in 
a $2.2bn deal. 
One of Intel's largest acquisitions to date is surprising for it involves for the first time a traditional telecoms chip 
supplier. 
Intel CEO Craig Barrett said that the deal will provide Intel "with the silicon building blocks necessary to supply 
the rapidly growing demands created by the Internet and e-commerce". 
Intel had an alliance with Level One before deciding to acquire the company. Unlike Intel's previous investments 
which are designed to help spur sales of microprocessors, this investment signals Intel's interest in developing 
broadband communications and telecoms chips. It also hints at a concern at Intel about future growth in its 
microprocessor business. 
Intel is expected to follow up its Level One acquisition with a focus on developing fast communications ICs. 
It recently announced a deal with Analog Devices to develop a new generation of DSP chips. Such chips would 
be ideal for network communications applications. 
Copyright Reed Business Information 1999 
Not Available for Redissemination. 
Document elcwky0020010904dv3a0002f 
Search Summary 
Text Craig Barrett AND DSP 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2000 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Intel Corp. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

