Page 1 of 3 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Wells Fargo Seen Having Resources for a Big Deal.......................................................................................................2

Page 2 of 3 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Wells Fargo Seen Having Resources for a Big Deal 
MARKETS 
Wells Fargo Seen Having Resources for a Big Deal 
By Matthias Rieker 
692 words 
24 February 2004 
American Banker 
AMB 
20 
Vol. 169, No. 36 
English 
Copyright (c) 2004 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved 
WASHINGTON -- Since the consolidation wave erupted last fall, Wells Fargo & Co. has featured regularly in 
market rumors -- and for good reason, according to Ruchi Madan of Citigroup Inc.'s Smith Barney. 
In a research report issued Monday, Ms. Madan said the San Francisco banking company is among those with 
the deepest pockets and therefore a likely acquirer. It may also be among the most patient, she said, and many 
analysts agree with her. 
Wells has telegraphed its intention to Wall Street to do fill-in acquisitions. Denis Laplante, the head of banking 
research at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Inc., said it may even be backing off its reluctance to pursue deals east of 
the Mississippi River. 
Mr. Laplante said Richard Kovacevich, Wells' chairman, president, and chief executive, has indicated in recent 
conversations that his company is interested in the Southeast. 
Past speculation has had Wells buying SunTrust Banks Inc. or SouthTrust Corp., or even pursing a merger of 
equals with Wachovia Corp. 
A Wells Fargo spokeswoman reiterated Monday that it remains committed to the West. "We have said 
consistently for many years that the eastern United States are not part of our strategic plan for future growth in 
the banking segment." 
SunTrust has repeatedly dismissed market talk that it is a likely target. On Monday a spokesman simply said 
"yawn" when asked about the latest chatter. A SouthTrust spokesman would not comment on the speculation. 
But despite tempered official comments from Wells Fargo's management, investors clearly view the company as 
a potential buyer for financial services outfits large and small. It has the resources and the breadth to do deals, as 
well as a reputation for integrating well. In addition, observers said, management has indicated interest. 
Ms. Madan wrote: "We believe Wells can pay more than most banks, given its strong historical track record of 
taking out costs and enhancing revenues at acquired companies." 
She would not rule out deals in the Southeast. In her report, she wrote that Wells Fargo could pay $90 a share for 
SunTrust and $40 for SouthTrust, but she expects it to do primarily fill-in deals for now. 
But many say there is little indication Wells is going to make a big splash. 
"People forget that what they did were small, small deals" lately, said Jason Goldberg of Lehman Brothers. 
Because Wells is one of the large caps that have not made a purchase recently, "it's only natural that the name is 
coming up." 
Many analysts say it is wishful thinking for investors to view Wells as an immediate buyer. 
Joseph K. Morford of Royal Bank of Canada's RBC Capital Markets said that with J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and 
Bank of America Corp. busy with deals of their own, Wells appears the major hope for investors buying bank 
stocks for their takeover value.

Page 3 of 3 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Shares of Wells, which fell Friday when it was said to be talking to U.S. Bancorp, fell 0.1% Monday. 
Ms. Madan mentioned other banking companies with cash. 
"We believe Fifth Third [Bancorp] and Wachovia are the most likely to do a deal over the next 12 months," she 
wrote in her report. Like Wells, Fifth Third is a domestic buyer with "the flexibility to pay the highest premium." 
She also named HSBC Holdings PLC of London as a foreign buyer in that camp, while Wachovia has "less 
flexibility, unless they are willing to accept some dilution," she wrote. 
A call to Fifth Third was not returned at press time. Spokeswomen for HSBC and Wachovia would not comment. 
On the potential sellers' side are PNC Financial Services Group Inc. and Greater Bay Bancorp, Ms. Madan 
wrote. "We estimate each could fetch a 20%-plus premium." 
Neither company would comment. PNC's stock jumped 2.3% in morning trading and closed up 1.7%. Greater 
Bay fell 1%. SunTrust rose 0.5%, to $73.35; SouthTrust was up 0.3%, to $33.60. Fifth Third fell 0.1%. 
Copyright 2004 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
http://www.thomsonmedia.comhttp://www.americanbanker.com 
Document AMB0000020040224e02o0000z 
Search Summary 
Text Richard Kovacevich AND Greater Bay 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2008 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Wells Fargo & Co. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

