Page 1 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Merrill Lynch extends its reach into Canada ...................................................................................................................2 
Merrill rides with the herd Midland millions......................................................................................................................4 
Wall Street firms on foreign buying spree Merrill's acquisition of Midland Walwyn is the latest big cross-border deal 
and more are expected. ..................................................................................................................................................6 
Midland Walwyn, Merrill to merge U.S. powerhouse to grow in Canada ........................................................................8 
Merrill must convince Canadians it's no ugly Yank Midland purchase may trouble investors that were attracted to its 
independence................................................................................................................................................................10 
Midland put itself on 'watch' Deal brings challenge to bank-owned brokerages ...........................................................12 
Merrill re-enters Canada with Midland buy....................................................................................................................14 
FOCUS-Merrill Lynch to buy Midland Walwyn. .............................................................................................................16

Page 2 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Merrill Lynch extends its reach into Canada 
Merrill Lynch extends its reach into Canada 
694 words 
1 August 1998 
Private Banker International 
PRIVBI 
English 
(c) 1998 VRL Knowledgebank. All rights reserved. This article has been published by VRL Knowledgebank and 
can be found by visiting 
MERRILL LYNCH extended its global reach in June when it bought Canada's largest independent full-service 
brokerage firm, Midland Walwyn, for $855 million. Midland Walwyn, which will be known as Merrill Lynch 
Canada, will be one of the country's top three companies active in investment banking and private client 
brokerage-related activities. 
The purchase is the latest initiative launched by Merrill to assume a global capability in investment banking, asset 
management, broking and wealth management-related activities. In February, it acquired 33 Yamaichi Securities 
branches in Japan and intends to spend another $155 million in Japan over the next two years. Towards the end 
of 1997, it purchased Mercury Asset Management, one of the UK's largest asset management companies, for 
$5.3 billion. 
"This is a strategic fit for Merrill Lynch and for Canadian investors," said Merrill Lynch chairman and chief 
executive David Komansky. "It will provide our clients with greatly expanded product offerings and bring 
Canadian investors access to global opportunities and broad domestic and international distribution." 
Expanding its securities distribution capacity has been the driving force not only behind Merrill's recent 
acquisitions but behind those of its competitors as well. 
Credit Suisse First Boston announced that it will buy Brazilian investment bank Banco de Investimentos Garantia 
for $675 million while Salomon Smith Barney said it had purchased a 25 percent stake in Japan's Nikko Securities 
for $1.6 billion. 
All are distribution-driven deals with a global emphasis. They should also generate additional opportunities in the 
wealth management market. 
"By purchasing Midland Walwyn, Merrill is reaching out for another piece of the puzzle," said Mark Bachmann, 
an analyst at Standard & Poor's in New York. 
"Midland Walwyn is a solid Canadian broker. In absolute terms the deal is that not significant. But it constitutes 
yet another step in Merrill's march to become a dominant global institution. Merrill saw a window of opportunity in 
Canada and reacted accordingly." 
The deal possibly marks another step in the ongoing consolidation of the Canadian financial services sector. The 
other large Canadian brokers have all been acquired by banks. 
The large Canadian banks are currently in the throws of a major consolidation. If approved by the regulators this 
will result in Bank of Montreal merging with Royal Bank of Canada and CIBC tying the knot with Toronto 
Dominion Bank. 
"As consolidation proceeds in the banking sector, Merrill Lynch- Midland Walwyn will have the scale, the 
product and distribution breadth, and the global capabilities to be the premier financial services firm for Canadian 
investors and issuers alike," said Midland Walwyn's chairman and chief executive Robert Schultz. 
He said that the company had withstood takeover attempts for the past few years but that he found the Merrill 
offer acceptable in light of the speed at which the Canadian financial services' landscape is changing. 
One interesting aspect of the Merrill purchase is that it marks the company's return to Canada. 
Merrill withdrew from Canada in the early 1990s, selling its operations to Wood Gundy just in time to miss a huge 
surge in personal savings and the greatest bull market in its history.

Page 3 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Merrill's return will result in it acquiring a company which generated $58 million in 1997, the second-strongest 
year in its history. It will also acquire some 3,200 Midland Walwyn employees, 1,300 financial advisers and 
consultants, 600,000 clients and 116 retail offices. 
Midland Walwyn's client assets amounted to nearly $30 billion at the end of the first quarter of 1998 compared 
with Merrill's $1.3 trillion of assets under custody and $488 billion under management. 
Midland's asset management subsidiary, Atlas Asset Management, offers 24 externally managed mutual funds 
with some $2 billion assets under management. 
The new company will be led by an integrated team representing both companies. Schultz will be chairman and 
chief executive. 
William Packham, also a former Midland Walwyn executive, will be president and chief operating officer. Robert 
Grandy and Paul Thomas, two Merrill executives, will assume the positions of deputy chairman and executive 
vice-president respectively. 
Document privbi0020030516du81000ia

Page 4 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Merrill rides with the herd Midland millions 
Streetwise 
ROB Column 
Merrill rides with the herd Midland millions 
Andrew Willis 
869 words 
24 June 1998 
The Globe and Mail 
GLOB 
Metro 
B18 
English 
All material copyright Thomson Canada Limited or its licensors. All rights reserved. 
WHAT is it about chief executive officers that prevents them from saying they made a mistake? 
When David Komansky, CEO of Merrill Lynch, was asked why his company was paying $1.3-billion to get back 
into a market it walked away from eight years ago, the easy answer, and the correct one, would have been: "I 
goofed." 
Mr. Komansky was head of institutional equities at Merrill in the early 1990s, which means he pulled the plug on a 
strong Canadian institutional trading desk. He would also have been at the table when the decision was taken to 
sell Merrill's vaunted Canadian retail sales force to Wood Gundy. 
Now Merrill's back, and Mr. Komansky and colleagues trace their previous lack of commitment to government 
restrictions on foreign players such as itself, and the generally poor tone of the Canadian market at the time. 
Governments come and go, markets rise and fall. And in Canada, U.S. dealers move in and move out. (Apologies 
to Goldman Sachs, which has kept its Canadian content constant.) 
One excuse Mr. Komansky didn't reach for, although it's more valid, is that other U.S. investment dealers were 
also bailing out of Canada in the early 1990s, and the herd mentality ruled. And history shows that Merrill and the 
rest of the Wall Street crowd couldn't have shown worse timing, with the boom in personal savings translating into 
the greatest bull market in Canadian history. 
Let's be clear about why Merrill is investing billions in Canada, Europe and Japan. In case you haven't noticed, it's 
fashionable to be global these days. For the likes of Merrill, that means accumulating an enormous pool of assets 
in every industrial country, and sending reams of investment bankers into the field to raise money for 
corporations, deals that feed your retail brokers. 
There's nothing wrong with this model. But will Merrill stick with it? 
In 1990, when the axe fell in Canada, the joke within Merrill was that profits from Canadian institutional equities 
couldn't cover the limousine bills at head office in Manhattan. Don't laugh. In that era, the tab for limos ran to the 
millions. 
For the past eight years, Merrill has run a wonderfully profitable Canadian business by trading bonds and having 
a handful of Canadian investment bankers building relationships with corporate clients, backed by the rocket 
scientists in New York. It's understood that this setup was more profitable than the 1980s version of Merrill. 
Now Mr. Komansky has plunked down $1.3-billion for Midland Walwyn, an investment dealer that made 
$58-million in 1997, its second-best year ever. Merrill has paid a huge premium to Midland shareholders for this 
company -- at 3.4 times book value, they're getting the kind of multiples seen in the late 1980s, when the 
Canadian banks bought brokerages. Merrill has also strapped on an enormous amount of overhead in the form of 
Midland's 3,200 employees, its systems and its offices. 
This is a wonderful deal for all concerned with Midland, including the Canadian clients who will get access to 
Merrill's worldwide resources. But to put the purchase in terms Mr. Komansky would understand, there's a lot of 
us who are from Missouri when it comes to Merrill's commitment to Canada.

Page 5 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Here's a question: Would you want your personal finances handled with the same lack of discretion that 
surrounded Midland's negotiations with Merrill? 
It's hard to recall a stock that rode takeover speculation the way Midland did last week as it climbed from $22.90 
on Monday to Friday's close of $27.25, on volumes four times what's normally seen. It's clear that many of the 
rumours came from within Midland. 
Speculation reached the point where the firm's traders were openly discussing the deal at an industry party on 
Thursday and Midland brokers were being quoted on the Internet as telling their clients that the takeover was 
coming. As fund manager Brendan Kyne said yesterday: "These guys had a Chinese wall like a block of Swiss 
cheese." 
The Toronto Stock Exchange says that, as a matter of course, it will be checking trading patterns. Given the lack 
of action on insider trading in the past, few expect the regulators will be able to follow a string of trades back to an 
insider who tipped off other investors. But there were leaks. 
At Monday's press conference, Midland CEO Robert Schultz was asked by a reporter if leaks were being 
investigated. He replied that he knew of no investigation, then joked that the speculation seemed to be coming 
from the media. Sorry, Bob, but the rumours were coming from your people. 
Streetwise readers can leave phone messages at (416) 585-5372, or send E-mail to awillis@globeandmail.ca. 
Value of executives' stakes 
Robert Schultz, CEO $31.5-million 
William Packham, president $25.2-million 
Guy Savard, vice-chairman $8.2-million 
Alexander Christ, director $8.9-million 
James O'Donnell, director $1.3-million 
Roy Bennett, chairman $531,000 
Source: company reports 
Document glob000020011205du6o00ydh

Page 6 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Wall Street firms on foreign buying spree Merrill's acquisition of Midland Walwyn is the latest big cross-border deal and more are expected. 
ROB-WSJ 
Wall Street firms on foreign buying spree Merrill's acquisition of Midland Walwyn is the latest big 
cross-border deal and more are expected. 
BY PATRICK McGEEHAN and SOLANGE DE SANTIS 
Wall Street Journal 
915 words 
23 June 1998 
The Globe and Mail 
GLOB 
Metro 
B14 
English 
All material copyright Thomson Canada Limited or its licensors. All rights reserved. 
MERRILL Lynch & Co.'s latest foreign acquisition shows how Wall Street firms are leading with their strengths as 
they race to exploit the opening of financial markets around the world. 
Merrill's chairman, David Komansky, confirmed at a news conference that the firm had agreed to buy Canada's 
biggest independent brokerage house, Toronto-based Midland Walwyn Inc., for $855-million (U.S.) in Merrill 
stock. The deal -- which marks Merrill's return to retail, or individual-investor, business in Canada after leaving in 
1990 -- is the third significant foreign investment this month by a U.S. securities firm. Industry executives and 
analysts expect more. 
"We're at the beginning, not the end of this game," said Philip Purcell, chairman of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & 
Co. Among the deals to come, he said, "We're going to see some combinations that are very, very large 
cross-border deals that are going to surprise everyone." 
Indeed, Morgan Stanley is looking to follow two of its biggest rivals, Merrill and Travelers Group, into Japan, 
where the financial markets are rapidly deregulating in a process dubbed the "big bang." 
In February, Merrill announced that it would take over 33 branches of the failed Yamaichi Securities brokerage 
firm and invest about $155-million over two years building up Merrill's presence there. 
Travelers, which owns Salomon Smith Barney, took a different route into the Japanese market earlier this month 
when it announced plans to invest $1.6-billion to acquire a 25-per-cent stake in Nikko Securities Co., one of 
Japan's Big Three brokerage firms. 
That move was characteristic of Merrill, which has used its original strength as a distributor of securities to 
individual investors as a base for expanding globally. 
Now, Morgan Stanley too is searching for a way into the Japanese retail market. "We clearly want to do 
something, but so does everyone else," Mr. Purcell said. "That's why the hotels in Tokyo are full." 
Merrill's venture into Canada aside, the deregulating markets of Asia and Europe remain the big plums for Wall 
Street firms. Governments in both of those regions are relaxing rules prohibiting foreign ownership of financial 
institutions while investors are shedding their conservatism and buying more stocks and stock mutual funds. 
"It's a bit difficult because you're fighting a battle on more than one continent simultaneously," said Peter Davis, a 
vice-president of Booz Allen & Hamilton. "You can't take your eye off of one market while you're trying to build a 
position in Japan or Asia. Who will come out on top will be determined by who will have a leading position in the 
major markets." 
Deals such as the pending merger of Travelers and Citicorp have increased the urgency the biggest firms feel to 
establish beachheads in the wealthiest countries, especially Japan, France and Germany. Some Wall Street 
executives call Citicorp's existing empire of overseas branch offices the premier global financial-services 
franchise. But on the way to that goal, some firms are jumping at opportunities in other markets.

Page 7 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
This month, Credit Suisse First Boston said it would buy Banco de Investimentos Garantia SA, a Brazilian 
investment bank, for $675-million. Merrill also announced that it would buy 51 per cent of an investment bank in 
Thailand, Phatra Securities Co., for $68-million. That deal came on the heels of the relaxation of a Thai law that 
prevented foreign companies from owning more than half of a Thai securities firm, a Merrill spokesman said. 
"We're watching the regulatory moves closely," said Jerome Kenney, Merrill's executive vice-president in charge 
of strategy. "These regulatory shifts are making for tremendous opportunities." 
Mr. Kenney has a team of strategists monitoring regulatory changes around the world in hopes of spotting 
openings that Merrill can exploit quicker than globe-trotting rivals. 
Institutional firms such as Goldman Sachs & Co. -- which cater to corporate clients and institutional investors 
instead of individuals -- traditionally have entered markets in Europe and elsewhere by sending in teams of 
investment bankers to pitch their firms' prowess at privatizing huge state-run enterprises. The investment banks 
hoped to use fees generated by those big deals to cover their investments. 
But the slower process of building up a presence deal-by-deal looks less viable these days, as firms are 
scrambling to bulk up. The share of Goldman's revenue coming from outside the United States has grown more 
slowly than at some rivals, edging up to 35 per cent in 1997 from 30 per cent in 1992. 
Going global 
Wall Street firms have been buying into foreign markets at a rapid clip. The most notable recent deals and the 
dates they were announced ($U.S.): 
- June 22, 1998: Merrill Lynch acquires Canadian brokerage firm Midland Walwyn for $855-million in stock. - 
June 10, 1998: Credit Suisse First Boston buys Brazilian investment bank Garantia for $675-million - June 1, 
1998: Salomon Smith Barney buys 25% stake in Nikko Securities Co. of Japan for $1.6-billion. - Feb. 12, 1998: 
Merrill Lynch acquires 33 branches of Yamaichi Securities of Japan with plans to invest $155-million over two 
years. - Nov. 19, 1997: Merrill Lynch acquires London-based money manager Mercury Asset Management Co. 
for $5.3-billion. 
Document glob000020011205du6n00y21

Page 8 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Midland Walwyn, Merrill to merge U.S. powerhouse to grow in Canada 
News Business 
Midland Walwyn, Merrill to merge U.S. powerhouse to grow in Canada 
KAREN HOWLETT 
Financial Services Reporter, With a report from John Partridge. 
1,038 words 
23 June 1998 
The Globe and Mail 
GLOB 
Metro 
A1 
English 
All material copyright Thomson Canada Limited or its licensors. All rights reserved. 
Midland Walwyn and U.S. giant Merrill Lynch have unveiled a $1.26-billion merger plan that sets the stage for 
the disappearance of Canada's biggest independently owned stockbrokerage and further consolidation in the 
domestic financial-services sector. 
The proposed deal makes sense for both Merrill and Midland, top executives at both firms told reporters 
yesterday. For Merrill, one of the world's top investment banks with offices in 45 countries and $1.3-trillion (U.S.) 
in client assets under management, it fulfills its strategy of developing a sizable presence in all major markets, 
chairman and chief executive officer David Komansky said. "We've had our eye on Canada for a long time." 
Midland, which has 116 branch offices across Canada and administers $42-billion (Canadian) in client assets, will 
be able to compete more effectively against the bank-owned brokerage firms that together account for the lion's 
share of the domestic business. 
"We believe that the Midland Walwyn--Merrill Lynch combination is so strong, it will enable us to . . . reach our 
goal to be Canada's No. 1 financial- services firm," said Robert Schultz, Midland's chief executive officer. 
The merger is all about creating a financial-services powerhouse in Canada at a time when mergers at home and 
abroad are sweeping the sector. 
"The world is going more global, and this is the right time to do this transaction," Mr. Schultz added. 
Merrill Lynch & Co. Inc. will acquire its smaller Canadian rival through a share exchange valued at $31.89 for 
each Midland share, or a total of $1.26-billion. The definitive agreement was completed over the weekend and 
unveiled yesterday at simultaneous news conferences in Toronto and New York. 
The name Midland Walwyn Inc. will disappear, to be replaced by that of Merrill Lynch Canada, Merrill's existing 
non-retail Canadian subsidiary. 
Rumours that a deal was in the works caused sharp runups in Midland's share price last week. The shares closed 
last Friday at $27.25 each on the Toronto Stock Exchange. 
The proposed combination of the two firms was billed as a good deal for clients, employees, shareholders and 
even Canada. 
Clients will be offered a broader range of products and more distribution channels; layoffs for Midland's 3,240 
employees will be minimal because there will be little overlap between the two firms; the two firms will end up 
being more profitable because Merrill and Midland will grow much faster together than they would on their own; 
and for Canada, it will create another major domestic competitor in the financial-services sector. 
One financial-services analyst suggested yesterday that the planned unions between the Royal Bank of Canada 
and the Bank of Montreal and between the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and the Toronto-Dominion 
Bank could be driving this deal. 
If the bank mergers get the go-ahead from Ottawa, the banks' brokerage arms will have more than half the 
domestic business. Midland, which is a major player in the retail end of the business, catering to individual clients,

Page 9 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
may be concerned that it will be at a competitive disadvantage, the analyst said. At the same time, he added, 
Merrill may see an opportunity to expand its market share in Canada because of the reluctance of institutional 
investors to do as much business with the combined bank-owned brokers as they do with each firm on its own. 
Midland stands out in Canada because it is the only major firm not owned by a big bank, and Mr. Schultz has 
spent the better part of two years expressing a strong desire to remain independent. 
Mr. Schultz said the proposed bank mergers did not drive the decision to undertake the Merrill deal. 
"While we could have continued to build on our success as an independent, Merrill Lynch presented us with an 
outstanding opportunity to join forces with a premier global player," he said. 
Yesterday's proposed deal marks the first time that a big Canadian brokerage has been bought by a U.S. firm. It 
also marks Merrill's return to the retail brokerage business in Canada, catering to individual clients. 
Merrill, a big player in this market in Canada in the mid-1980s, sold its retail operation in 1990, although it 
continued to handle mergers and acquisitions and other work for institutional clients. That operation, Merrill 
Lynch Canada, with 170 employees in four offices, will be part of the new Merril Lynch Canada subsidiary. 
Several brokerage-industry executives said the Merrill-Midland deal could strengthen the hand of the four banks 
seeking Ottawa's blessing to merge, because it provides further evidence of the continued globalization and 
consolidation going on in financial services. 
However, James Peterson, Secretary of State for International Financial Institutions, wasn't willing to make the 
link in an interview yesterday. The Midland-Merrill deal is subject to review by federal authorities. Merrill Lynch 
qualifies as a foreign bank in Canada because it owns a bank, he said. 
"Every situation has to be reviewed on its own merits, and we will look at it on that basis." 
The Merrill-Midland deal has won the approval of Midland's management, its board of directors and its biggest 
shareholder, Toronto mutual-fund company Mackenzie Financial Corp., which owns a 20-per-cent stake. 
Midland shareholders can either exchange their shares for shares in Merrill Lynch Canada Inc. or Merrill Lynch 
& Co. Inc., the New York-based parent. The option gets around Canadian rules that cap investors' RRSP-eligible 
foreign equity holdings at 20 per cent. 
The exchange ratio is .24 of a Merrill share for every Midland share. The shares in the Canadian entity have the 
same attributes as shares in Merrill Lynch, the U.S. parent. 
The Canadian subsidiary will be run by Mr. Schultz, who will be chairman and chief executive officer, and Robert 
Grandy, head of the current Merrill Lynch Canada, who will be deputy chairman. 
Mr. Schultz, who worked at Merrill in the 1980s, said Midland did not "entertain overtures from any other 
company." 
Document glob000020011205du6n00xxf

Page 10 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Merrill must convince Canadians it's no ugly Yank Midland purchase may trouble investors that were attracted to its independence 
The Merrill-Midland deal 
Report on Business 
Merrill must convince Canadians it's no ugly Yank Midland purchase may trouble investors that were 
attracted to its independence 
BY ANDREW WILLIS 
Investment Reporter 
724 words 
23 June 1998 
The Globe and Mail 
GLOB 
Metro 
B6 
English 
All material copyright Thomson Canada Limited or its licensors. All rights reserved. 
TORONTO -- To make its $1.26-billion purchase of Midland Walwyn Inc. pay off, Merrill Lynch & Co. must 
convince Canadian investors and corporations they aren't dealing with an ugly American. 
After eight years of wooing customers by stressing their independence from the Canadian bank-owned pack, 
Midland's 1,250 stockbrokers must now explain why they sold out to the thundering herd out of New York. 
Investors are skeptical that better "blue-chip thinking," to quote Midland's slogan, was at the root of the deal. 
"The idea that a big American company is taking control of my financial affairs can't be good news for me," said a 
Toronto investor who keeps her registered retirement savings plan at Midland, as does her fiance. "I have no idea 
what I'm going to do with my money until I talk to my broker," said the client, who asked that her name not be 
used. 
A call to Midland brokers yesterday found them selling the global reach of their new employer and celebrating the 
payday that many realized as shareholders. 
"What clients have to understand is that financial services is a global game, and Merrill Lynch is a dominant 
global player that happens to have a head office in New York," said Susan Dabarno, who runs Midland's retail 
sales force as the executive vice-president of wealth management. "As someone dealing with New York, I don't 
feel like I'm dealing with a big firm. They respect our autonomy." 
Ms. Dabarno said Merrill did its homework on potentially troublesome issues that make Canada a distinct society. 
"Over the weekend, as we were doing our due diligence, our people in Quebec questioned Merrill's commitment 
to marketing initiatives that are specific to Quebec," Ms. Dabarno said. "They assured us that we'll be able to do 
business in Quebec, and elsewhere, the way we always have." 
Midland brokers have dealt with rumours about their employer's sale since the company took its present shape 
eight years ago, and greeted yesterday's news with relief, as it ends the uncertainty, but still distinguishes the firm 
from the bank-owned competition. "Our clients should be ecstatic about being with Merrill," said a broker in 
Quebec. "It opens to the door to a whole world that we can't get in Canada." 
Merrill's size is staggering: its 16,000 stockbrokers draw on 450 research analysts who track 3,900 companies 
around the world. The equivalent numbers at Midland are 26 analysts following 250 Canadian companies. 
One potential sticking point for Canadian investors has already been eliminated. Midland said the deal was 
structured to allow the company's Canadian shareholders to exchange their shares tax-free. Midland's owners 
can also receive exchangeable shares in newly created Merrill Lynch Canada Inc. for their holdings and this 
stock is deemed Canadian property. Thus, shareholders will not have to worry about exceeding the foreign 
content limits on their RRSPs. 
While keeping retail customers is important to making this deal pay off, it's Canadian corporations that Merrill 
Lynch really wants to please. Buying Midland fills an enormous gap in the U.S. investment dealer's Canadian 
coverage.

Page 11 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
For example, Merrill has sold billions of dollars worth of Rogers Communications Inc. high-yield debt in the U.S. 
market, but has never been a factor when the Toronto-based company sells equity in the Canadian market. In the 
future, Merrill executives don't expect to see that business slip away. "We're creating an exceptional organization 
that will bring Canadian investors access to global opportunities and bring Canadian corporations broad 
distribution of their securities -- both domestically and globally," said chief executive officer David Komansky. 
Tom Davis, executive vice-president and head of corporate finance at Merrill, said there is virtually no overlap 
between the investment banking arms of these two firms. "We've done well on big-ticket cross-border financings 
and merger and acquisition advisory work," Mr. Davis said. "Where we've been weaker is on local financings, and 
that's been because we've lacked a local investment banking presence, which Midland gives us." 
Document glob000020011205du6n00xbw

Page 12 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Midland put itself on 'watch' Deal brings challenge to bank-owned brokerages 
The Merrill-Midland Deal 
Report on Business 
Midland put itself on 'watch' Deal brings challenge to bank-owned brokerages 
BY JOHN PARTRIDGE 
The Globe and Mail 
893 words 
23 June 1998 
The Globe and Mail 
GLOB 
Metro 
B1 
English 
All material copyright Thomson Canada Limited or its licensors. All rights reserved. 
Competition in the Canadian investment business will intensify as a result of global powerhouse Merrill Lynch & 
Co. Inc.'s $1.26-billion acquisition of Midland Walwyn Inc., industry players say. 
"The creation of this new Merrill Lynch Canada will add another more competitive element to the marketplace, 
absolutely," said Reay Mackay, president and chief operating officer at RBC Dominion Securities Inc., a unit of 
Royal Bank of Canada and Canada's biggest investment dealer. 
"They are the biggest in the world, and now that they have a significant foothold in the Canadian marketplace, I 
think we will feel the competitive pressures," Aubrey Baillie, deputy chairman of second-ranked Nesbitt Burns Inc., 
a unit of Bank of Montreal, said of New York-based Merrill Lynch. 
"You've got an independent firm that's now part of a big network with worldwide retail brokerage reach, and it's a 
big strong ownership for Midland," said David Wilson, chairman and chief executive officer of Bank of Nova 
Scotia's ScotiaMcLeod Inc. 
Garrett Herman, chairman and CEO of Loewen Ondaatje McCutcheon Ltd., a boutique brokerage based in 
Toronto, relishes the prospect of Merrill Lynch Canada taking some of the bank-owned dealers' business. 
"It's fantastic," he said. "It's nice to see a high-quality organization back in town that's not a bank. . . . It will sort of 
level the playing field for the consumer." 
The executives made their remarks in telephone interviews yesterday shortly after Merrill Lynch and Midland 
ended days of speculation by announcing that they had struck a deal. 
Merrill Lynch will issue $1.26-billion -- $855-million (U.S.) -- worth of its shares to pay for Midland, the equivalent 
of $31.89 (Canadian) a share for the Toronto-based firm, the largest full-service brokerage in Canada not owned 
by a bank. 
Midland currently operates in five countriesand has 116 retail brokerage offices, 1,275 financial advisers and 
3,240 staff in all. It had a profit of $58.5-million or $1.63 a share on revenue of $846.7-million in 1997. 
Merrill Lynch operates in 45 countries, has 740 offices, 16,000 brokers and 59,400 employees in all. It reported a 
profit last year of $1.9-billion (U.S.) or $5.63 a share on revenue of $15.7-billion. 
Merrill Lynch abandoned the Canadian retail brokerage business in 1990, selling its operation to Canadian 
Imperial Bank of Commerce's CIBC Wood Gundy Securities Inc. However, it retained a presence in the 
institutional securities business. 
While acknowledging that the Merrill-Midland combination will be a formidable new entity, the executives of the 
Canadian bank-owned brokerages also said that intense competition is par for the course -- and that they are not 
alarmed by the U.S. giant's return to the retail market. 
"Nothing has changed except we have a new, big competitor on our doorstep, so I'm going to have to run just that 
much harder," said Nesbitt Burns's Mr. Baillie. "But what's new about that?"

Page 13 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
However, some industry players figure the bank-owned brokerages that dominate the business in Canada likely 
are a little less confident than their public statements would indicate. 
Loewen Ondaatje's Mr. Herman cited CIBC Wood Gundy's $550-million (U.S.) acquisition last year of New 
York-based Oppenheimer and the fact that the Canadian firm trumpeted the deal because it gave it the capacity, 
then unique among Canadian brokerages, to underwrite and sell equity issues on both side of the Canada-U.S. 
border. 
"But Oppenheimer was like 20th on the [size] list in the U.S.," he said. "Merrill Lynch is a leader in everything. 
Now there's no reason ever to deal with a Canadian bank[-owned brokerage] for a cross-border equity deal." 
Wood Gundy CEO John Hunkin could not be reached for comment. 
One major institutional investor welcomed the prospect of Merrill Lynch becoming a major player in Canada. 
"From my perspective, the more the merrier," said Scott Penman, senior vice-president of equities for Investors 
Group Ltd. of Winnipeg, Canada's biggest mutual fund manager. "It just creates more liquidity and more 
competition -- and that's great for our business." 
How the companies compare 
All U.S. dollar amounts MIDLAND WALWYN Head office: Toronto CEO: Robert Schultz Business: Full-service 
investment dealer. One of the top five underwriting firms in Canada, with strength in IPOs and a number of 
industry sectors. Midland's Atlas Asset Management offers 24 externally managed mutual funds with 
approximately $3-billion under management. 
Retail offices: 116. Has offices in five countries. Employees: 3,240 employees. Brokers: 1,275 Total client assets: 
$28.5-billion Revenue, 1997: $569-million Profit, 1997: $41-million MERRILL LYNCH Head office: New York 
CEO: David Komansky Business: One of the world's biggest financial management and advisory companies. 
Engages in underwriting, investment advisory, securities brokerage and trading. Leading firm in Canada M&A, in 
cross-border financings, and Canadian debt sales and trading. Retail offices: 740. Has offices in 45 countries. 
Employees: 59,400 Brokers: 16,000 Total client assets: $1.3-trillion Revenue, 1997: $15.7-billion Profit, 1997: 
$1.9-billion 
Document glob000020011205du6n00xak

Page 14 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Merrill re-enters Canada with Midland buy. 
Merrill re-enters Canada with Midland buy. 
780 words 
22 June 1998 
14:39 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1998 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, June 22 (Reuters) - Merrill Lynch and Co. Inc. said Monday it decided to re-enter the Canadian 
market with its $855 million acquisition of Midland Walwyn Inc. because Canada has loosened up its financial 
services regulations. 
"We were inhibited (in the 1980s) from offering bank-like products and it was difficult to reach size and scale," 
Merrill's chief executive, David Komansky, said at a New York news conference. "In addition, the markets have 
globalized and the moons and stars lined up." 
The U.S. securities giant tried to build a full-blown Canadian retail and investment banking operation in the 1980s, 
but later decided to ditch the retail component, which it sold to Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce in 1990. 
In a reprise of its earlier moves, Merrill said Monday it would acquire Midland, which is Canada's largest 
independent retail broker, for $855 million in stock. 
"In the 1980s (Canada's) regulatory environment was difficult," added Merrill's chief strategist, Jerome Kenney, at 
the news conference, held to announce the Midland deal. 
"We had to run the company on a nonintegrated basis ... and the institutional ownership of foreign securities was 
(extremely limited)." 
Kenney later told reporters Merrill had aimed to get back into Canada - the fifth-largest country in terms of actively 
managed assets and the third-largest in stock offerings - for some time. 
"We couldn't buy a bank and Midland was not for sale," Kenney said. "We had been cultivating (Midland) for the 
last couple of years, like (saying) 'How are you' ... and selling them our research." 
As a slew of bank mergers and banks gobbling up brokers engulfed Canada's financial landscape, Midland was 
finally swayed to sell out, Kenney said. 
Midland's chief executive, Robert Schultz, put a slightly more positive spin on the deal at a Toronto news 
conference, which was broadcast live in New York during Merrill's news briefing. 
"We could have continued (to remain independent) but Merrill presented us with an outstanding opportunity ... to 
enable us to catapult over everyone else to become Canada's No. 1 firm," Schultz said. 
Midland started discussions with Merrill in earnest a "couple of months ago" and did not seriously entertain any 
other offers, he added. 
Merrill's Kenney said the firm is still on the lookout for more acquisitions. In the U.S., Merrill is trying to boost its 
share of managing defined contributions, or 401 K pension assets; selling services to so-called "middle market" 
corporate clients, companies with $500-600 million in revenues; and expanding retail operations in certain 
unidentified regions. 
Merrill for example is now discussing to buy an unnamed boutique offering investment banking services to middle 
market clients, Kenney said, adding consolidation in the banking industry has left medium-sized corporate clients 
no longer served by banks. 
Kenney denied that Merrill, which recently has expanded in the U.K., Japan and Thailand, has shifted its attention 
back to the North American market. He named France and Germany as markets into which Merrill will expand

Page 15 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"long-term," mostly because the upcoming European Monetary Union is expected to lead to many cross-border 
deals and Europe's pension funds investing more outside their own countries. 
Merrill also aims to beef up its asset management operations, after it bought Britain's Mercury Asset Management 
for $5.3 billion in cash last year. 
"With Mercury, we now have the basic structure in place," Kenney said. "But we're still looking for niche markets." 
Merrill is likely to pay for its future acquisitions in stock, which has become the currency of choice for takeovers 
because the stock market is now near record highs. 
"We'd like to do that (pay in stock), although it isn't always possible," Komansky said. "It wasn't possible with 
Mercury because of certain regulations (inhibiting) Mercury's institutional holders (to take stock)." 
Merrill's latest acquisition comes relatively cheap, with the company issuing about 9.5 million shares for Midland, 
or 2.7 percent of its current outstanding stock. Merrill also said it would take $22 million in net charges, or $0.05 
per diluted share, for the acquisition. Excluding these one-time costs, the company expects the acquisition to start 
contributing to earnings in the year 2000. 
Merrill's chief financial officer, Stanley O'Neal told Reuters after the news conference that "amortizing transition 
costs," such as integrating systems and real estate costs, will offset any gains from Midland's earnings this year 
and in 1999. He declined to estimate these costs. 
((-Jack Reerink/New York Newsdesk (212) 859-1725, fax (212) 859-1717-)). 
(C) Reuters Limited 1998. 
Document lba0000020010925du6m02e9i

Page 16 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
FOCUS-Merrill Lynch to buy Midland Walwyn. 
FOCUS-Merrill Lynch to buy Midland Walwyn. 
By Jack Reerink 
829 words 
22 June 1998 
18:49 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1998 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, June 22 (Reuters) - Merrill Lynch & Co. Inc. said on Monday it would buy Canada's largest 
independent brokerage firm, Midland Walwyn Inc. , for $829 million in stock, in a move to re-enter the Canadian 
retail business. 
Under terms of the deal, the U.S securities powerhouse will issue 0.24 shares for each Midland Walwyn share, 
or about C$31 per share. Merrill's $2.75 stock price drop Monday caused the deal's value to decrease to $829 
million from the earlier reported $855 million, which was based on the U.S. firm's $90.31 closing stock price 
Friday. 
Merrill deserted its Canadian private client business in 1990 when it sold its retail operations to Canadian Imperial 
Bank of Commerce's CIBC Wood Gundy. The firm, which has continued to build its investment banking 
operations in Canada throughout the years, said Monday it decided to get back into the retail business because 
the Canadian government has loosened its financial services regulations in recent years. 
"We were inhibited (in the 1980s) from managing our business on an integrated basis, offering bank-like products 
and it was difficult to reach size and scale," Merrill's chief executive, David Komansky, said at a New York news 
conference. "In addition, the markets have globalized and the moons and stars lined up." 
Analyst Ray Soifer of Brown Brothers Harriman liked the deal, saying it was consistent with Merrill's strategy of 
growing its private client business abroad. 
"They should be able to earn back the purchase price, as long as the markets cooperate," Soifer said. Merrill 
executives told analysts earlier Monday the firm expected to increase Midland's earnings - $41 million last year - 
about 20 percent a year, Soifer said. 
Merrill said in a statement it would take a $22 million charge for the transaction, or 5 cents per diluted share. 
Excluding those one-time costs, the firm expected the acquisition not to reduce earnings this year and in 1999, 
and to start contributing to its bottom line in 2000. 
Midland Walwyn's price tag was seen as generous but not excessive. With persistent rumours that a deal was 
about to be clinched, the Canadian brokerage's stock already had gained more than 30 percent in the past two 
weeks. 
"The price is not as high as Mercury's (which Merrill bought for $5.3 billion in cash last year)," Soifer said. "If you 
want quality, you have to pay, especially if (Midland) is the last remaining franchise." 
Merrill's chief strategist, Jerome Kenney, told reporters after the news conference the firm had been eyeing 
Canada - the world's fifth-biggest market for actively managed assets and third-largest for stock offerings - for 
some time. 
"We couldn't buy a bank and Midland was not for sale," Kenney said. "We had been cultivating (Midland) for the 
last couple of years." 
As a slew of bank mergers and banks gobbling up brokers engulfed Canada's financial landscape, Midland was 
finally swayed to sell out, Kenney said. 
Midland's chief executive, Robert Schultz, put a slightly more positive spin on the deal at a Toronto news 
conference.

Page 17 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"We could have continued (to remain independent) but Merrill presented us with an outstanding opportunity ... to 
enable us to catapult over everyone else to become Canada's No. 1 firm," Schultz said. 
Midland Walwyn, which has some 1,300 brokers in 116 retail offices, is Canada's largest independent retail 
broker. The company posted a $41 million profit on revenue of $569 million last year and was Canada's 
fifth-largest equity underwriter and 24th-largest debt underwriter in 1997. The firm's 600,000 client accounts hold 
about $28.5 billion in assets. 
The combined firm, which will do business as Merrill Lynch, will rank among Canada's top three firms in the 
private client brokerage business; underwriting, mergers and acquisitions, and trading bonds and stocks, Merrill 
said. 
Merrill's Kenney said the firm is still on the look-out for more acquisitions. In the United States, Merrill is trying to 
boost its share of managing defined contributions, or 401K pension assets, selling services to so-called "middle 
market" corporate clients - companies with $500 million to 600 million in revenue - and expanding retail 
operations in certain unidentified regions. 
Kenney denied the firm, which recently has expanded in the U.K., Japan and Thailand, has shifted its attention 
back to the North American market. He named France and Germany as countries where Merrill will expand 
"long-term," because the upcoming European Monetary Union is expected to lead to many cross-border deals 
and Europe's pension funds investing more outside their own countries. 
Merrill's stock closed at $87.56, down $2.75, while Midland Walwyn's stock closed at a record C$30.05, up 
C$2.80. 
- New York Newsdesk (212) 859-1700, fax (212) 859-1717-)). 
(C) Reuters Limited 1998. 
Document lba0000020010925du6m02dab 
Search Summary 
Text David Komansky AND Midland Walwyn and Merrill Lynch 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/1999 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company All Companies 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

