Page 1 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Citigroup gets go-ahead to buy Golden State, second-largest U.S. savings bank..........................................................2 
One-stop financial shopping loses lure ...........................................................................................................................3 
Sacramento, Calif.-Area Cal Fed Workers May Lose Jobs with Citigroup Merger..........................................................6 
Citigroup to buy Golden State .........................................................................................................................................8

Page 2 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Citigroup gets go-ahead to buy Golden State, second-largest U.S. savings bank 
Citigroup gets go-ahead to buy Golden State, second-largest U.S. savings bank 
AP 
334 words 
28 October 2002 
21:45 
The Canadian Press 
CPR 
English 
Copyright (c) 2002 The Canadian Press. All rights reserved. 
WASHINGTON (AP) _ Citigroup, the largest financial institution in America, was given approval Monday by the 
Federal Reserve to purchase Golden State Bancorp, the country's second-largest savings bank. 
The Fed approval, which had been expected, was granted on a 7-0 vote. Citigroup announced last May that it 
wanted to buy San Francisco-based Golden State in an effort to increase its presence in California. 
Golden State, which operates more than 350 California Federal Bank branches in California and Nevada, also 
owns First Nationwide Mortgage, the eighth-biggest mortgage servicing company in the United States, and Auto 
One, which writes prime and subprime auto loans. 
Citigroup chairman and chief executive Sanford Weill said in May that the acquisition of Golden State 
represented an important step in Citigroup's effort to expand nationwide. 
The Fed said that with the acquisition, Citigroup will have total assets of $1.1 trillion and insured deposits of 
$166.2 billion. 
The acquisition will make Citigroup the third-largest commercial bank in California, controlling $28.3 billion in 
deposits, approximately 5.8 per cent of all deposits in the state. The acquisition will also make Citigroup the 
third-largest commercial banking operation in Nevada, with deposits of $2.4 billion, 11.4 per cent of bank deposits 
in that state. 
The Fed took note of public comments that had urged denial of the acquisition because of concerns about 
Citigroup's subprime lending activities. The Fed said its approval was based on an understanding that all rules 
governing subprime lending will be followed. 
In September, Citigroup agreed to repay customers $215 million to settle federal charges that a company it had 
acquired, Associates First Capital, had manipulated people into buying overpriced mortgages and credit 
insurance. 
Citigroup said the timing of the Associates First Capital agreement with the Federal Trade Commission was not 
related to its pending application with the Federal Reserve to acquire Golden State. 
Document cpr0000020021029dyat000ad

Page 3 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
One-stop financial shopping loses lure 
Report on Business: International 
One-stop financial shopping loses lure 
BARRIE McKENNA 
1,765 words 
14 September 2002 
The Globe and Mail 
GLOB 
Metro 
B1 
English 
"All material Copyright (c) Bell Globemedia Publishing Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved." 
WASHINGTON -- One-stop financial shopping seemed like a fine idea where you could get a mortgage, insure 
your home and buy stocks all under one roof. Yet, all that convenience is worthless if your broker sells you a dog 
stock on the recommendation of an in-house analyst whose advice is tainted because he's being paid to hustle 
business for friends in the loans or investment banking departments. 
The deregulation of the financial services industry was sold to politicians, regulators and customers as the wave 
of the future -- a way to bring 21st century efficiency to a stodgy and fragmented industry. 
Now, after nine months of spectacular scandals and failures -- Enron, WorldCom and the like -- analysts and 
regulators have begun to question the economics and the ethics of the financial behemoths spawned by 
deregulation in Canada and the United States. 
The largest of them all -- New York-based Citigroup Inc. -- is suddenly grovelling for forgiveness from jaded 
investors who have wiped away nearly $100-billion (U.S.) of the company's stock market value since January. 
Stung by damaging conflict-of-interest allegations swirling around its Salomon Smith Barney brokerage unit, 
Citibank chairman Sanford Weill made a stunning admission this week. 
"Although we have found nothing illegal, looking back, we can see that certain of our activities do not reflect the 
way we believe business should be done," Mr. Weill said after ousting the embattled head of Salomon, Michael 
Carpenter. 
Sweeping 1999 U.S. legislation that freed financial institutions from the Depression-era constraints of the 
Glass-Steagall Act was virtually drafted by Citigroup, which spent tens of millions of dollars lobbying. A year 
earlier, Mr. Weill's Citigroup had swallowed insurance giant Travelers Group and its Salomon subsidiary -- a 
takeover that was prohibited by the Glass-Steagall laws that kept banks, brokers and insurers out of each others' 
turf. Without a change in the law, Citigroup would have been forced to unwind its growing global empire. 
"The world changes, and we have to change with it," Texas Senator Phil Gramm said in 1999 of the deregulation 
bill he helped to draft. "We have a new century coming, and we have an opportunity to dominate that century the 
same way we dominated this century. Glass-Steagall, in the midst of the Great Depression, came at a time when 
the thinking was that the government was the answer. In this era of economic prosperity, we have decided that 
freedom is the answer." 
With its model rubber-stamped, Citigroup mutated into a global colossus with $1-trillion in assets and 270,000 
employees in 100 countries. The combination made each of Canada's Big Six banks look like a neighbourhood 
credit union, ratcheting up the pressure for deregulation north of the border. 
The quid pro quo for all that freedom was the tacit assurance that financial holding companies wouldn't abuse 
their clout by crossing the so-called Chinese walls between their diverse businesses -- using their influence in one 
area to unfairly pressure customers to buy unrelated services. 
"The only Chinese wall is the one in China," quipped Lawrence Mitchell, a law professor at George Washington 
University and author of Corporate Irresponsibility: America's Newest Export. "I don't really believe that within 
these organizations you can keep people separate. It can lead to unwise lending practices."

Page 4 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Some long-time industry insiders concede abuses and excesses are now rampant in the deregulated financial 
services marketplace. 
"We went too far," Felix Rohatyn, the former head of Lazard Freres in the United States, recently told Investment 
Dealers Digest. "Because of the repeal of Glass-Steagall, banks now are in the securities business and have 18 
different conflicts of interest in one transaction." 
Those conflicts are now the focus of numerous federal and state probes, as well as lawsuits launched by 
investors. 
Citigroup, for example, is the target of a probe by New York Attorney-General Eliot Spitzer into whether Mr. Weill 
pressed former star telecom analyst Jack Grubman to upgrade his rating on AT&T Corp. to win a $10-billion stock 
underwriting. U.S. federal regulators and congressional investigators are also looking into allegations that 
Citigroup's Salomon unit granted millions of dollars worth of hot stock offerings to curry favour with investment 
banking clients such as WorldCom founder Bernard Ebbers -- a practice known as spinning. 
Regulators are also looking into the tangled web of relationships linking Enron and its bankers -- Citigroup, J.P. 
Morgan Chase & Co. and Merrill Lynch & Co. Inc. Several top Merrill executives invested in at least one of 
Enron's controversial partnerships, provided loans and also sold shares to its top clients. All told, Merrill wore 
"seven hats" in its Enron dealing -- underwriter, fundraiser, partner, investor, lender, analyst and counterparty, 
according to Business Week magazine. 
Citigroup and others are also defendants in several lawsuits launched by Enron investors, who allege its bankers 
were complicit in the energy trader's efforts to conceal its deteriorating financial condition from outsiders. 
Prodded by Congress, U.S. banking regulators this week opened an investigation into whether some of the 
largest so-called money centre banks are using discounted loans to entice business customers to buy a wide 
range of other services -- a practice known as tying. Among those covered by the probe are Citigroup, Bank of 
America, J.P. Morgan, Banc One Corp. and Wachovia Corp. -- all of which took advantage of the deregulated 
environment to expand into the underwriting and brokerage business. 
Addressing all these conflicts is proving to be exceedingly costly for an industry that was looking for efficiency. 
In May, Merrill Lynch agreed to pay a record $100-million fine to settle allegations by New York and nearly 40 
other states that its analysts skewed their ratings to secure investment banking business. In May, Mr. Spitzer 
secured a settlement with Merrill Lynch to reform its analysis so research for investors wasn't compromised by 
efforts to secure investment banking business from companies that analysts rated. Several brokerages have 
since adopted policies to separate analysts from investment banking. 
Citigroup, meanwhile, could soon face hefty penalties for so-called predatory lending. The company is reportedly 
in talks with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission that could see it pay a record $200-million fine to settle 
allegations that a Dallas-based lending subsidiary gouged low-income customers on home mortgages. 
The dilemma for financial conglomerates, such as Citigroup, is that they were assembled expressly for the 
efficiencies that would come from putting banking, brokerage and insurance under one corporate umbrella. But if 
regulators restrict the conglomerates' ability to take full advantage of that structure, the entire model could soon 
unwind, analysts said. 
"The economic jury is still out on whether financial conglomerates are going to be a dominant form," said Richard 
Herring, a professor of finance and international banking at the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of 
Business. 
Even Citigroup, touted as the prototype of the one-stop financial supermarket, is now pulling back from that 
model, selling off much of the Traveler's insurance business, he pointed out. 
"Very few firms have followed in Citigroup's wake," Prof. Herring noted. "It's become clear that conglomerates are 
very difficult to manage. And it's not obvious that people want to get everything from a single conglomerate. The 
advantages of one-stop shopping are not conclusive." 
Since the watershed 1999 U.S. banking law, more than 600 financial holding companies have been created in the 
United States. But only 10 per cent of those institutions -- albeit mainly the largest ones -- are actively involved in 
the kinds of cross-ownership that the legislation sanctioned.

Page 5 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
And only two major non-banking companies -- Charles Schwab Corp. and MetLife Inc. -- have applied for 
cross-industry acquisition authorization. Yet neither company has done much with its broad new powers. 
Analysts say Congress is unlikely to undo its 1999 banking deregulation any time soon. 
However, regulators are already casting an increasingly dubious eye at the blanket assurances from financial 
institutions about Chinese walls. 
"Everyone is going to be more wary of conflicts of interest now," said Margaret Blair, senior economic fellow at the 
Brookings Institution and a visiting law professor at Georgetown University, both in Washington. "Whenever we 
go through a boom-bust cycle, during the bust part of the cycle we point fingers and say we're going to reform, 
and then reform turns out to be slow. I don't see Congress taking action to put [in] another Glass-Steagall." 
Some of the safeguards may already be in place. The sweeping Sarbanes-Oxley bill -- Congress's response to 
the corporate scandals -- prohibits corporate loans to executives, calls for more independent boards of directors 
and creates a new board to regulate accountants. Prof. Blair said further disclosure requirements and tighter rules 
to eliminate abuses surrounding initial public offerings may also be needed. 
In the end, the market -- and not regulators -- could determine the fate of Wall Street's financial conglomerates, 
and the imitators they spawned in Canada and elsewhere. Investors and customers will pay a premium for quality 
service and independent advice, Prof. Herring predicted. And if it's too costly for the Citigroups of the world to 
provide that, these conglomerates will eventually crumble under their own weight, he suggested. 
"The market has a way of sorting these issues out. Unless companies can find a way to reassure clients that they 
won't be taken advantage of, then the market judgment will be that these combinations don't add value and they 
will start to come apart." 
Citigroup's tentacles 
Through a spree of acquisitions, Citigroup chairman Sanford Weill created a global financial colossus with 
$1-trillion (U.S.) in assets and 270,000 employees in 100 countries. 
Diners Club International: 
Credit card operation with about eight million cardholders, a distant player behind giants Visa and MasterCard. 
Grupo Financiero Banamex SA: 
One of Mexico's largest banks; with more than 1,500 branches. 
Salomon Smith Barney: 
Brokerage arm formed by 1997 merger of Salomon Brothers and Travelers Group's brokerage unit, with 500 
offices worldwide. 
CitiFinancial: 
Bank's consumer lending operations with more than 2,000 offices in U.S. and Canada. 
Primerica Financial Services: 
North America's largest financial services marketing group. 
Golden State Bancorp: 
Citigroup is buying golden State, the third-largest U.S. 'thrift' savings bank, in a $5.8-billion (U.S.) deal. 
Travelers Life: 
Life insurance unit focused on serving individuals and companies with fewer than 500 employees. 
Illustration 
Document glob000020020914dy9e0003z

Page 6 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Sacramento, Calif.-Area Cal Fed Workers May Lose Jobs with Citigroup Merger. 
Sacramento, Calif.-Area Cal Fed Workers May Lose Jobs with Citigroup Merger. 
By Loretta Kalb, The Sacramento Bee, Calif. 
842 words 
2 June 2002 
KRTBN Knight-Ridder Tribune Business News: Sacramento Bee 
KRTBN 
English 
Copyright (C) 2002 KRTBN Knight Ridder Tribune Business News 
Jun. 2-When Citigroup expands its California footprint later this year, a lot will be at stake for Cal Fed workers in 
the Sacramento region. 
Not even Elvis Schmiedekamp, the wacky billboard icon best known for marketing Cal Fed, is assured of 
remaining as advertising spokesman. 
And he's just one of the workers locally whose fate remains uncertain once Citigroup completes its $5.8 billion 
acquisition of Cal Fed's parent, Golden State Bancorp. 
Citigroup, the nation's largest financial-services company, and Cal Fed officials have warned that job cuts are 
expected in Cal Fed support operations that overlap with Citigroup's own support network. 
While the volume of cuts has not yet been decided, they could reach into the Sacramento region, home to 
hundreds of workers employed in back office operations from call centers to information technology services. 
About 900 Cal Fed workers in West Sacramento and nearly 200 more in Sacramento are part of such operations, 
according to Janis Tarter, Cal Fed spokeswoman in San Francisco. 
Another 300 employees work in a Cal Fed call center in Glendale, Los Angeles County. And 100 more work in 
mortgage support services in Brea, in Orange County, she said. 
The back offices are the underpinnings of bank transactions and product sales. Besides information technology 
and call center operations, they include accounting and human resources functions. 
But a number of experts suggest that jobs cuts will be slight, relative to other bank mergers, because Citigroup's 
existing 80-branch network is far smaller than California's 335 Cal Fed branches. 
"Certainly in a situation where you had a company like Citigroup acquiring another company that operated in the 
same territory," the chances of layoffs would be greater, said Chris Blum, financial services analyst for Edward 
Jones in St. Louis. 
And in remarks late last month to Wall Street analysts and reporters, Citigroup executives said their intent would 
be to employ most of Cal Fed's 8,200 workers as it traditionally has done in past mergers. 
But Citigroup Chief Operating Officer Marge Magner signaled then that the back office cuts would be scrutinized. 
About the same time Citigroup was outlining its merger plans, Cal Fed was preparing its own workers for the job 
loss possibilities. 
"To the best of our knowledge, Citigroup intends to retain essentially all of our operating business units and to 
merge them into their own," a management memo to workers read. 
That would include most or all Cal Fed bank branches, its mortgage, consumer and automobile lending units, 
investment, insurance and real estate groups. 
But the memo added that "some jobs will be eliminated, primarily in (back office) areas that support business 
lines." 
Front office operations - those operating business units likely to be retained - in many cases complement other 
facets of Citigroup's existing businesses, executives said.

Page 7 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
For example, when Citigroup acquires Cal Fed's 335 California banks, it will inherit a network poised to serve a 
greater share of California's large Latino population. That strategy dovetails with Citigroup's purchase last year of 
the Mexican bank Banamex. 
The merger, scheduled to close in the fourth quarter, also means Citigroup will own Golden State's First 
Nationwide Mortgage business, the nation's eighth largest mortgage servicer, adding to Citigroup's own, similarly 
sized mortgage business. 
And it will gain Golden State Bancorp's Dallas-based subprime auto lending business, similar to Citigroup's 
larger, Texas-based consumer lender, The Associates, acquired in 2000. 
In California, the Cal Fed operation "will fit right into our organization," Citigroup Chairman and Chief Executive 
Sanford Weill said last month. 
When complete, the larger Citigroup system will boast $28 billion in deposits, ranking behind Bank of America, 
Wells Fargo and Washington Mutual. 
In Nevada, where Citigroup branches will grow to 21 from the existing four, the company will become the 
third-largest financial institution. 
In areas such as branches and services that are most visible to banking customers, meanwhile, the emphasis in 
Citigroup's merger plans is on revenue growth, not job cuts. 
"Look at this as an expansion of products and services to clients as opposed to a diminution of what they have," 
suggested Diane Glossman, analyst for UBS Warburg in New York City. 
Cross-selling of retirement products, annuities, insurance products and the like are expected to boost California 
revenues. In particular, Citigroup's 1,900 licensed sales representatives will jump by more than half as it adds 
about 1,000 Cal Fed sales people. 
And what of Elvis Schmiedekamp, the marketing creation of Cal Fed? 
His fortunes remain uncertain. 
Cal Fed's Tarter said last week that no decision about his future as advertising spokesman and head of customer 
service had been made. 
-
To see more of The Sacramento Bee, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to http://www.sacbee.com 
(c) 2002, The Sacramento Bee, Calif. Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. C, GSB, BAC, WFC, 
WM,. 
Document krtbn00020020607dy62000pt

Page 8 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Citigroup to buy Golden State 
Financial Post: World 
Citigroup to buy Golden State 
George Stein 
Bloomberg News 
334 words 
22 May 2002 
National Post 
FINP 
Toronto / Late 
FP20 
English 
(c) National Post 2002. All Rights Reserved. 
NEW YORK - Citigroup Inc. will buy Golden State Bancorp, parent of the United States' second-largest thrift, for 
about US$5.8-billion in cash and stock, almost doubling U.S. branches in its biggest expansion in consumer 
banking. 
The largest financial services company is paying about 10 percent more than Golden State's closing share price 
yesterday to gain 1.5 million customers and 352 branches on the West coast, mostly in California, home to more 
deposits than any other state. 
"It's certainly an opportunity to get more out of Golden State's customer base and they are not paying an extreme 
price for it," said Stephen Berman, who helps manage about US$8 billion at Stein Roe Investment Counsel. "It 
makes strategic sense." 
Citigroup chairman Sanford Weill is expanding one of his fastest-growing businesses, which offers checking and 
savings accounts, mutual funds, insurance, mortgages and personal loans. Income from Citigroup's branch 
network, currently concentrated in the New York metropolitan area, has grown an average 70% a year for the 
past three years to a total US$605-million in 2001. 
The purchase puts further distance between Citigroup and its biggest rival, adding US$54-billion assets for a total 
US$1.1-trillion. 
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., the second-largest U.S. bank, had US$712.5-billion in assets at the end of the first 
quarter. 
Citigroup will pay about US$16.40 in cash and 0.5234 shares for each share of Golden State held, valuing the 
San Francisco-based bank at US$40.10 a share, based on yesterday's closing prices. 
Golden State's shares climbed 9.4% since last Wednesday, on trading levels over the past three days that were 
more than triple the daily average of the past year. 
Christi Harlan, a spokeswoman for the Securities and Exchange Commission, wouldn't comment on the trading 
ahead of the announcement. 
Document finp000020020522dy5m000ba 
Search Summary 
Text Sanford Weill AND Golden State 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2003 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Citigroup, Inc. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries

Page 9 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Region All Regions 
Language English

