Page 1 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Defense Industry Regroups -- War of Attrition: U.S. Defense Sector Rushes Toward an Era Of Only 3 or 4 Giants --- 
Sale by Hughes Would Spur ... .......................................................................................................................................2 
Lockheed Martin sees Loral steps by end Q3. ................................................................................................................6 
LOCKHEED DEAL STIRS UP STORM...........................................................................................................................7 
FEATURES &OPTIONS - FROM SWORDS INTO CASH. .............................................................................................8 
FEATURES &OPTIONS - FROM SWORDS INTO CASH. ...........................................................................................10 
LOCKHEED AND MARTIN SIGN $10BN MERGER.....................................................................................................12 
US MERGER CREATES $23BN ARMS GIANT. ..........................................................................................................14 
ANALYSTS SEE MERGER SURVIVING; LOCKHEED-MARTIN DEAL SHOULD PASS; REGULATORS' ANTITRUST 
TESTS...........................................................................................................................................................................16 
Combine or perish in defense industry..........................................................................................................................18

Page 2 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Defense Industry Regroups -- War of Attrition: U.S. Defense Sector Rushes Toward an Era Of Only 3 or 4 Giants --- Sale by Hughes Would Spur ... 
Defense Industry Regroups -- War of Attrition: U.S. Defense Sector Rushes Toward an Era Of Only 3 or 4 
Giants --- Sale by Hughes Would Spur Trend the Pentagon Led, But Now Is Fretting About --- Rethinking 
`the Last Supper' 
By Jeff Cole 
Staff Reporter 
2,305 words 
9 December 1996 
The Wall Street Journal Europe 
WSJE 
1
English 
(Copyright (c) 1996, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
[First of two articles] 
After four dizzying years of mergers and cutbacks, the race to consolidate the U.S. defense industry has entered 
its final, bruising lap. 
With the Pentagon acting as cheerleader and federal antitrust regulators largely falling in line, the number of 
major players in the aerospace and defense field has shrunk by more than half since the collapse of the Soviet 
bloc, to just six major companies. 
Now, they are poised to halve in number again, leaving three or at most four behemoths that would dominate the 
defense industry. Potentially their collective muscle could chill competition and, some fear, deprive the Pentagon 
of hoped-for savings. 
One of these gorillas has already emerged: Lockheed Martin Corp., which has taken shape over the past 18 
months through mergers of Lockheed Corp., Martin Marietta Corp. and Loral Corp. A second is in the process of 
being formed, following Boeing Co.'s just-completed $3.2 billion acquisition of the defense operations of Rockwell 
International Corp., which was approved last Thursday with some conditions by the Federal Trade Commission. 
Now, with the disclosure that the Hughes Electronics Corp. unit of General Motors Corp. may auction off its 
defense assets, for roughly $8 billion, the stage is set for the endgame. Four corporations -- Hughes, McDonnell 
Douglas Corp., Raytheon Co. and Northrop Grumman Corp. -- have been circling one another for months, trying 
to figure out whether they will align to form the surviving player or players, or await the day when they themselves 
are swallowed up or relegated to the sidelines. Industry officials and other experts expect the shakeout to occur 
rapidly, with the final gorilla or two taking shape within a year or so. 
"It's clear to me that there aren't an awful lot of steps left to go," says Phil Condit, chief executive officer at 
Seattle-based Boeing. Just before wrapping up its Rockwell acquisition, Boeing emerged as the joint winner with 
Lockheed Martin of a potentially huge Pentagon contract for a new generation of fighter aircraft. 
"Nineteen ninety-seven will represent the great finale of the defense industry consolidation," predicts Lior 
Bregman, an analyst at Oppenheimer & Co. in New York, who talks about a coming "semi-oligopolistic structure 
of four or so major suppliers." 
A similar shakeout is taking place in Western Europe, but at a much slower pace. That's partly because the 
French government has been forced to suspend its planned sale of defense and consumer-electronics giant 
Thomson SA. The delay worries the chief executive of General Electric Co. of the U.K., who says it could force 
GEC to look to British, German or Italian defense firms for a linkup. The French government, meanwhile, is 
proceeding with a related plan to pump nearly 11 billion French francs ($2.08 billion) into Thomson. 
The Pentagon, worried about paying huge sums for unused capacity in the defense industry after the Cold War, 
helped spark this frenzy. At a dinner with defense-company executives in 1993, labeled "the Last Supper" by 
Lockheed Martin Chairman Norman Augustine, Defense Secretary William J. Perry talked about the need for a 
major consolidation. Since then, according to Moody's Investors Service, 21 defense mergers and acquisitions 
have taken place among U.S. companies.

Page 3 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Today, some Pentagon brass are having second thoughts. Just recently, the Pentagon began studying potential 
dangers in the trend toward so-called vertical integration in the industry, as major contractors swallow up their 
suppliers. 
"I much prefer arrangements that lead to horizontal integration," which links up operations that are at the same 
business level, rather than vertical integration, says Paul G. Kaminski, the Pentagon's procurement chief. Three 
months ago, he asked the Defense Science Board, a Pentagon advisory committee, to look at the issue and 
develop "an early-warning system" to alert the Defense Department if competition is becoming impaired. 
The move toward size and swallowing up suppliers contrasts with the trend elsewhere in industry, toward 
streamlining and contracting with suppliers for many parts and services. Defense companies argue, however, that 
at a time of declining defense spending, they need to be huge in order to win contracts and have enough money 
for research and development. 
Consolidating companies boast improved profit margins and cash flow, robust backlogs and healthier stock 
prices. Defense stocks traditionally trade at relatively low price-to-earnings ratios, reflecting skepticism about 
whether earnings can be sustained. But Lockheed Martin's shares, which have jumped nearly 80% since the 
merger closed in early 1995, trade at about 16 times earnings per share, a multiple that has expanded from 10 or 
12 right after the merger. The PE for the broad stock market is about 20. 
These shareholder gains have come at a big price for employees. Since 1987, Pentagon spending cuts and 
industry consolidation have eliminated more than 1.1 million of what had been 3.9 million defense-industry jobs. 
Total job losses could exceed 1.8 million by the end of 1998, by federal and industry projections. 
While the bulk of the layoffs may be over, the Clinton administration has made clear that defense budgets are 
likely to keep falling, below today's $240 billion level. In some areas, including tanks, armored vehicles and 
nuclear-powered submarines, the military for years has been telling Congress it would be quite content with 
sole-source primary suppliers. 
Yet even Lockheed Martin's Mr. Augustine, whose acquisitions helped spark the current upheaval, says there will 
come a "moment of awakening" for Pentagon leaders. They will "have to say to themselves that the 
free-enterprise system has no forces in it that ensure the survival of a viable defense industrial base," he says. 
And, as the number of second- and third-tier companies remaining in the business dwindles, Mr. Augustine 
speculates that defense officials "may decide to become more actively involved in trying to ensure that there's an 
adequate number of survivors." 
The Pentagon is already on its guard about where prime contractors are acquiring parts. Harry C. Stonecipher, 
the president and chief executive of McDonnell Douglas, quickly discovered that after he said in April that he 
planned to stop buying parts from Loral units once they were acquired by Mr. Augustine's firm. Lockheed Martin 
and McDonnell Douglas are bitter rivals in the jet-fighter business. 
The Pentagon's Mr. Kaminski responded with a blistering letter warning McDonnell Douglas against looking for 
alternative sources of components. Such a move could "increase the cost or lower the quality of the products you 
supply," he wrote in the May 13 letter, a copy of which was obtained by this newspaper. If the supplier offering the 
best value "happens to be Loral, then McDonnell Douglas should continue to buy from that company," Mr. 
Kaminski concluded. 
Over the past two years, the Federal Trade Commission has been sensitive to potential anticompetitive practices 
and forced changes in several defense mergers. "We've worried all along," says Robert Pitofsky, the FTC's 
chairman. 
Still, the FTC hasn't blocked any deals, and the changes it has sought have generally been limited. So far, Mr. 
Pitofsky says, he isn't convinced that the emerging megacontractors will necessarily threaten overall competition, 
except where they dominate specific markets, such as tactical missiles or aircraft. 
"It's very hard to work out a cartel where you're talking about weapons systems that are different from each other 
in a bid market in which there's only one buyer, and that buyer has the right by law to check your books, require 
re-bids, and do cost-benefit analysis," Mr. Pitofsky says. "Sometimes when there are two or three [manufacturers 
in a given market], that's enough." 
Still, just last Thursday, the FTC cleared Boeing's acquisition of Rockwell's aerospace and defense business only 
on the condition that Boeing take steps to curb potential anticompetitive effects in specific areas.

Page 4 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
For example, Boeing and Rockwell have competed on industry teams developing high-altitude unmanned air 
vehicles, but the merger would effectively put Boeing on both teams. The company agreed that Rockwell will no 
longer supply wings to the team led by Teledyne Ryan. Boeing also will provide Teledyne Ryan with technical 
assistance and all the tooling, test equipment and engineering and design information needed to complete 
development of the wings. 
Some outside experts are far more troubled than the FTC. The Pentagon feels "so compelled to save money in 
the short term that they're willing to ignore long-term competitive effects," contends William Kovacic, a law 
professor at George Mason University in Fairfax, Virginia. He thinks big risks lie in losing competition in research 
and development. As consolidation continues, "we're going to lose a lot of valuable rivalry to generate new ideas," 
he says. 
A sale of Hughes's $6 billion defense operations isn't yet certain. Among other issues, it could still be derailed by 
GM if a way isn't found to make the transaction tax-free. GM won't comment on whether it plans any kind of sale. 
But the timing seems right. Hughes's chairman, C. Michael Armstrong, is passionate about developing the 
company's satellite operations. And Hughes recently lost several key defense contracts, including all or part of 
two major missile-defense awards, a contest for a next-generation cruise missile and a new satellite-based 
navigation system. 
Investment bankers and others closely tracking the developments say an auction of Hughes's defense business 
would probably be held as part of a bigger dismantling of the company. GM and Hughes would be most likely to 
try to merge Hughes's Delco Automotive unit with GM's Delphi autoparts division, these people say, while 
simultaneously shedding the defense unit. They also would be expected to structure these deals using stock 
swaps or other methods to avoid a big tax bill. It remains unclear what GM would do with Hughes's remaining 
satellite and communications business. 
Virtually all of the remaining players in the business have been holding exploratory talks with one another in 
recent months, people familiar with the talks say. One issue that has cropped up for Hughes during these talks is 
what to do with Vice Chairman Michael T. Smith, the head of Hughes's defense unit, who happens to be the 
brother of John F. Smith, GM's chairman, president and chief executive. Since an auction probably would result in 
a sale and not a merger, it appears that Michael Smith might have to give up any hope of running a newly merged 
company in favor of simply cashing out of his job. But a GM spokeswoman says that "to draw any implication that 
this relationship interferes with the conduct of business here is wrong" and "ridiculous." 
Perhaps the most immediate cause of the current merger frenzy was last month's Pentagon award of 
development contracts for a new-generation Joint Strike Fighter to Boeing and Lockheed. Industry officials say 
the win for Boeing -- and the surprise elimination of McDonnell and its teammate Northrop Grumman from that 
competition -changed the outlook for all three companies. 
Only weeks earlier, Mr. Stonecipher had given up on his longstanding goal of turning McDonnell into a meaningful 
competitor in commercial jetliners, after realizing that this would require a $15 billion investment. With the 
Pentagon decision, his company's mainstay military-airplane unit also took a huge hit. 
Mr. Stonecipher has said he "will not pay" the high prices being fetched for defense assets in recent years. But all 
eyes in the business are now following to see whether he makes a move on Hughes's assets. 
It is typical of the game of musical chairs being played in the industry that, just a year ago, McDonnell was 
involved in serious talks with Boeing about a possible merger. Those discussions unraveled over so-called social 
issues, such as who would run the company at what level, and questions about the value to be paid for 
McDonnell, according to people who tracked the talks. Earlier this week, however, Boeing hired McDonnell's 
California-based Douglas Aircraft commercial-jet division to help design and assemble some of Boeing's biggest 
new jetliner variants. 
There is so much turmoil and maneuvering in the industry that speculation about what will happen next is both 
complex and often contradictory. If McDonnell doesn't acquire Hughes's assets, officials wonder, will it resurrect 
its shelved talks with Raytheon, a diversified aircraft and appliance producer that knows Hughes well -- and has a 
pressing need to clean up uncertainties in its own future? 
Or will McDonnell hook up with Northrop, its partner on the F/A 18 Navy attack plane, and the company that 
earlier this year acquired Westinghouse's defense-electronics unit? A McDonnell-Northrop link has been seen as 
virtually impossible because Northrop also subcontracts heavily for Boeing's commercial jets. But would Boeing

Page 5 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
be interested in Hughes? And if McDonnell does acquire the Hughes holdings, will Raytheon and Northrop tie the 
knot? 
Mr. Condit, the Boeing chief executive, is one trying to stay above the fray. Asked if Boeing will be one of the two 
or three titans to emerge in the future, he observes soberly that "I think there are credible scenarios where that's 
true." 
As for Lockheed's Mr. Augustine, he says it is getting late to be without a partner: "Each transaction puts more 
pressure on those who have not yet involved themselves." 
--- 
Thomas E. Ricks and Bryan Gruley in Washington and Steven Lipin in New York contributed to this article. 
Document wsje000020011015dsc900f90

Page 6 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Lockheed Martin sees Loral steps by end Q3. 
Lockheed Martin sees Loral steps by end Q3. 
214 words 
25 April 1996 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1996 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, April 25 (Reuter) - Lockheed Martin Corp said on Thursday it expects to announce most of the 
actions to be taken from the integration of Loral Corp by the end of the third quarter. 
Chief executive Norman Augustine said the company also plans to set its divestiture program within the next 
year. 
"The amount of divestitures we will take, I think, will be relatively modest compared to the size of the corporation," 
he told reporters at a press briefing after the company's annual shareholders meeting. 
Lockheed Martin completed its acquisition of most of Loral on Tuesday. The transaction is valued at $9.1 billion, 
including $2.1 billion of Loral debt. 
Although Lockheed Martin has said it does not anticipate significant cutbacks associated with the acquisition, 
some members of Wall Street have disagreed. 
Augustine gave little indication about potential job cuts associated with the deal, saying that the company is 
evaluating those now. 
Lockheed Martin also this week formed a task force to consider potential divestitures of non-core businesses. 
"There are no major elements of the corporation we plan to divest. Within the next year, we should have a pretty 
good idea," Augustine said. 
--Robin Sidel, 212/859-1723 
(c) Reuters Limited 1996 
Document lba0000020011018ds4p08wm1

Page 7 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
LOCKHEED DEAL STIRS UP STORM. 
LOCKHEED DEAL STIRS UP STORM. 
By Mark Tran in New York. 
497 words 
9 January 1996 
The Guardian 
GRDN 
16 
English 
(c) 1996 
LOCKHEED Martin, the US defence conglomerate, sent a warning shot to its rivals that the struggle has begun in 
earnest for the survival of the fittest in the post-Cold war US defence industry. Its agreement to buy most of Loral, 
a defence electronics and aerospace company, for $9.1bn ( #6bn), will create a behemoth with a combined 
revenue of more than $30bn. 
Itself the product of one of the biggest mergers in the defence industry, when Lockheed combined with Martin 
Marietta in 1994, Lockheed Martin is the largest rocket-maker in the US, as well as a builder of satellites. With 
yesterday's deal, it will become an even more formidable competitor to European and US defence companies. 
The Lockheed Martin-Loral agreement comes just a week after Northrop Grumman announced the purchase of 
the defence electronic assets of Westinghouse Electric for about $3bn. The two deals are symptomatic of the 
shake-up of the US defence industry, encouraged by Defence Secretary William Perry, in the face of declining 
orders from the Pentagon. 
Analysts said the latest agreements will put further pressure on Boeing, McDonnell Douglas and the Hughes 
Electronic unit of General Motors to make their own deals. There has been speculation that Boeing and 
McDonnell will merge their helicopter businesses. 
"The strategic combination with Loral solidifies Lockheed Martin's leadership position as a world premier high 
technology company," Lockheed chairman Daniel Tellep said. "It enhances our technology base, improves our 
competitiveness, expands our global reach and provides new opportunities for growth." 
Lockheed and Loral will merge their defence electronics operations and weapons systems businesses. Loral 
makes Sidewinder air-to-air missiles and the Multiple Launch Rocket System and the Army Tactical System. It 
also makes radar warning equipment for F15 and F16 warplanes and flight training simulators for F15Es. 
Lockheed has an important line in military aircraft, including the F16, the new F22 Stealth fighter and the C130 J 
military cargo plane. In aerospace, Lockheed makes the fuel tanks for the space shuttle and the Atlas rocket 
launcher. 
The aerospace businesses of the two companies will be separated into a new company called Loral Space and 
Communications, with Lockheed buying a 20% stake in the company for $344m. The total value to Loral 
shareholders for the entire transaction comes to more than $9bn, the companies said. 
Lockheed has five areas of business: aeronautics, electronics, energy and environment, information and 
technology and space and strategic missiles. Following the deal, the Loral business units will constitute a sixth 
group, tactical systems. 
Running the combined company will be a triumvirate called the Office of the Chairman. It will consist of Mr Tellep, 
Lockheed Martin president Norman Augustine and Loral chairman Bernard Schwartz. 
With an eye firmly on the global market, Mr Augustine noted that the aerospace and defence electronics industry 
is continuing to consolidate into a number of large competitors both in the US and abroad. 
Document grdn000020011017ds190165k

Page 8 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
FEATURES &OPTIONS - FROM SWORDS INTO CASH. 
FEATURES &OPTIONS - FROM SWORDS INTO CASH. 
1,361 words 
9 January 1996 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
15 
English 
(c) 1996 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
The rationalisation of the US defence industry is costing jobs but is proving very profitable for shareholders, says 
Tony Jackson. 
Seven years on, the US defence industry is still grappling with the end of the cold war. Its most drastic response, 
a series of giant mergers, is still in full swing. Last week came Northrop Grumman's $3bn (#1.94bn) purchase of 
Westinghouse's defence business. That was capped by yesterday's $9bn bid for Loral by Lockheed Martin, itself 
the result of a merger only 10 months ago. 
The driving force is simple enough. The US government's spending on defence procurement peaked at $82bn in 
1991. This year, it will be some 40% below that figure. While Mr Newt Gingrich's Republicans are publicly 
committed to reversing the cuts, few in the industry expect the substance to match the rhetoric. 
In the resulting process of consolidation, the Loral-Lockheed deal marks a new and significant stage. So far, 
mergers have broadly taken two forms. In the first, companies not committed to defence, such as Westinghouse, 
Ford or Honeywell, have sold their defence divisions to the industry specialists. Second, defence contractors of 
approximately equal size have come together, such as Northrop and Grumman or Lockheed and Martin Marietta. 
Loral to date has been very much a predator rather than prey in the process of buying those not committed to 
defence. Since 1990 it has mounted a series of aggressive acquisitions under its highly regarded chief executive 
Mr Bernard Schwartz, including the defence divisions of Ford, Honeywell, Unisys and the steel company LTV. As 
a result, its revenues have risen by more than 25% a year, in a period of sharply dropping revenues for the 
industry as a whole. 
Loral's decision to sell itself to Lockheed Martin - by now established as the industry leader - is thus a stark 
illustration of the scale of the pressures the industry faces. But these pressures need to be carefully defined. 
While defence companies' revenues have fallen sharply since 1991, profits have done the reverse. At the aircraft 
maker McDonnell Douglas, sales since 1991 are down by some 23%, but net profit has almost doubled. For a 
group of seven leading defence contractors, net profit margins rose from 3.1% in 1992 to an estimated 5.4% last 
year. 
The most obvious and public reason for this has been cost-cutting, with or without the benefit of merger. The 
combination of the aircraft makers Northrop, Grumman and Vought led to 14,000 job losses last year in a 
combined workforce of 53,000. The addition of the Westinghouse defence business will doubtless produce more 
cuts again. 
Similarly, Lockheed Martin is in the process of cutting 12,000 out of 170,000 jobs and closing 12 factories. Again, 
the Loral deal will mean more of the same. Mergers apart, Raytheon, the defence company based in 
Massachusetts, cut its employment in the state by a third, or 10,000, between 1990 and 1994, and reduced its 
plants there from four to one. It now threatens to move entirely out of Massachusetts - a traditional centre for the 
defence industry - thus presumably escaping the state's traditionally high-cost, unionised workforce. But while 
cost-cutting has proved surprisingly profitable, it cannot be continued indefinitely. Sooner or later, workforces will 
be brought in line with reduced demand. And in some parts of the industry, such as airframe manufacture, there is 
no substitute for large, centralised plants. 
Another much-touted escape route for the industry has been the turning of swords into ploughshares: so-called 
'conversion', whereby military technology is put to commercial use. Thus, the makers of flight simulators are

Page 9 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
turning to the production of arcade games; or, more seriously, a surveillance specialist such as Raytheon can 
secure a $1bn-plus contract for monitoring the environment in the Amazon basin. 
In general, this has proved a disappointment. As a senior US academic says, from the mid-1970s the defence 
industry became so dependent on performance regardless of cost that few of its technologies were commercially 
viable. In addition, defence companies have little experience of marketing to the wider world. As Lockheed 
Martin's chairman Mr Norman Augustine said last year, 'our industry's record at defence conversion is 
unblemished by success'. 
On the other hand, there has been a shift in the industry's favour in the way the government pays for its contracts. 
In the heyday of the Reagan era, companies were tempted into bidding for business on fixed contracts. As one 
analyst puts it, 'the industry thought, rather foolishly, that it could build something which had never been built 
before for a fixed price'. 
With the ending of the cold war, the industry has shifted more of the risk on to the taxpayer through a system of 
cost-plus contracts. The majority of the old fixed-price contracts, struck on slim or zero margins, have now moved 
out of the expensive development stage and into the more profitable phase of production. That leaves one vital 
source of improved profitability: the slow-down in the industry itself. While defence companies are reaping the 
benefits of past investment, they no longer have to re-invest on the same scale. 
Mr Byron Callan, defence analyst at Merrill Lynch, says: 'This is a mature industry with an exceptionally long 
product life-cycle. The F-15 or F-16 fighters were designed in the 1960s, entered production in the late 1970s and 
will probably still be being made in the next century.' 
In the old days, the profits from such a product would largely be ploughed into the next generation of weapons, to 
counter whatever the Soviet Union came up with. Now, the cash is mounting up. The Lockheed-Loral merged 
company, the companies said yesterday, will have free cash flow of between $1.5bn and $2bn a year. 
To the extent that this is a self-liquidating process, it plainly cannot be continued indefinitely either. Yet it is not all 
gloom in the industry. While it is still going through a stage of enormous transition, there is evidence that defence 
spending worldwide has bottomed out. In the US, at least, the efforts of Mr Gingrich and his colleagues might 
even secure a slight increase.<In addition, Mr Callan says, 'globally, a lot of the military equipment bought in the 
1960s to 1980s is coming to the end of its useful life. So while budgets are bumping along the bottom now, 10 
years from now the US military has a very interesting problem in maintaining its size, based on elderly capital 
assets. Russia and China will have the same problem, and parts of Europe as well.' 
In other words, the defence industry could prove very profitable for its long-term survivors. 
In the US, there is certainly more consolidation to come. There are still several competing suppliers in many 
areas, such as missiles and naval vessels. And the US government - which is, after all, directly responsible for the 
drop in revenues - is plainly disposed to turn a blind eye to reduced competition and higher profitability in the 
interests of keeping the industry alive. 
This could in itself prove crucial to the US industry's future. The pressures for consolidation which are being felt in 
the US also apply across the globe. It is not impossible that in the next century, the world will support only a 
handful of giant defence contractors. 
But in Europe, for instance, national sensitivities persist. At the local level, even second-league companies from 
the same country such as the UK's General Electric Company and British Aerospace cannot agree the terms of a 
merger. Consolidation between the British, the French or the Germans will prove even harder. 
In such a world, a giant such as Lockheed Martin, with revenues of $30bn and an order backlog of $47bn, has a 
headstart. It may prove correspondingly hard to catch up with. In one sense, the convergence of the US defence 
industry is plainly a response to weakness. In another, it is very much a source of strength. 
(c) The Financial Times Limited 1996. 
Document ftft000020020323ds1901n4e

Page 10 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
FEATURES &OPTIONS - FROM SWORDS INTO CASH. 
FEATURES &OPTIONS - FROM SWORDS INTO CASH. 
1,361 words 
9 January 1996 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
15 
English 
(c) 1996 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
The rationalisation of the US defence industry is costing jobs but is proving very profitable for shareholders, says 
Tony Jackson. 
Seven years on, the US defence industry is still grappling with the end of the cold war. Its most drastic response, 
a series of giant mergers, is still in full swing. Last week came Northrop Grumman's $3bn (#1.94bn) purchase of 
Westinghouse's defence business. That was capped by yesterday's $9bn bid for Loral by Lockheed Martin, itself 
the result of a merger only 10 months ago. 
The driving force is simple enough. The US government's spending on defence procurement peaked at $82bn in 
1991. This year, it will be some 40% below that figure. While Mr Newt Gingrich's Republicans are publicly 
committed to reversing the cuts, few in the industry expect the substance to match the rhetoric. 
In the resulting process of consolidation, the Loral-Lockheed deal marks a new and significant stage. So far, 
mergers have broadly taken two forms. In the first, companies not committed to defence, such as Westinghouse, 
Ford or Honeywell, have sold their defence divisions to the industry specialists. Second, defence contractors of 
approximately equal size have come together, such as Northrop and Grumman or Lockheed and Martin Marietta. 
Loral to date has been very much a predator rather than prey in the process of buying those not committed to 
defence. Since 1990 it has mounted a series of aggressive acquisitions under its highly regarded chief executive 
Mr Bernard Schwartz, including the defence divisions of Ford, Honeywell, Unisys and the steel company LTV. As 
a result, its revenues have risen by more than 25% a year, in a period of sharply dropping revenues for the 
industry as a whole. 
Loral's decision to sell itself to Lockheed Martin - by now established as the industry leader - is thus a stark 
illustration of the scale of the pressures the industry faces. But these pressures need to be carefully defined. 
While defence companies' revenues have fallen sharply since 1991, profits have done the reverse. At the aircraft 
maker McDonnell Douglas, sales since 1991 are down by some 23%, but net profit has almost doubled. For a 
group of seven leading defence contractors, net profit margins rose from 3.1% in 1992 to an estimated 5.4% last 
year. 
The most obvious and public reason for this has been cost-cutting, with or without the benefit of merger. The 
combination of the aircraft makers Northrop, Grumman and Vought led to 14,000 job losses last year in a 
combined workforce of 53,000. The addition of the Westinghouse defence business will doubtless produce more 
cuts again. 
Similarly, Lockheed Martin is in the process of cutting 12,000 out of 170,000 jobs and closing 12 factories. Again, 
the Loral deal will mean more of the same. Mergers apart, Raytheon, the defence company based in 
Massachusetts, cut its employment in the state by a third, or 10,000, between 1990 and 1994, and reduced its 
plants there from four to one. It now threatens to move entirely out of Massachusetts - a traditional centre for the 
defence industry - thus presumably escaping the state's traditionally high-cost, unionised workforce. But while 
cost-cutting has proved surprisingly profitable, it cannot be continued indefinitely. Sooner or later, workforces will 
be brought in line with reduced demand. And in some parts of the industry, such as airframe manufacture, there is 
no substitute for large, centralised plants. 
Another much-touted escape route for the industry has been the turning of swords into ploughshares: so-called 
'conversion', whereby military technology is put to commercial use. Thus, the makers of flight simulators are

Page 11 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
turning to the production of arcade games; or, more seriously, a surveillance specialist such as Raytheon can 
secure a $1bn-plus contract for monitoring the environment in the Amazon basin. 
In general, this has proved a disappointment. As a senior US academic says, from the mid-1970s the defence 
industry became so dependent on performance regardless of cost that few of its technologies were commercially 
viable. In addition, defence companies have little experience of marketing to the wider world. As Lockheed 
Martin's chairman Mr Norman Augustine said last year, 'our industry's record at defence conversion is 
unblemished by success'. 
On the other hand, there has been a shift in the industry's favour in the way the government pays for its contracts. 
In the heyday of the Reagan era, companies were tempted into bidding for business on fixed contracts. As one 
analyst puts it, 'the industry thought, rather foolishly, that it could build something which had never been built 
before for a fixed price'. 
With the ending of the cold war, the industry has shifted more of the risk on to the taxpayer through a system of 
cost-plus contracts. The majority of the old fixed-price contracts, struck on slim or zero margins, have now moved 
out of the expensive development stage and into the more profitable phase of production. That leaves one vital 
source of improved profitability: the slow-down in the industry itself. While defence companies are reaping the 
benefits of past investment, they no longer have to re-invest on the same scale. 
Mr Byron Callan, defence analyst at Merrill Lynch, says: 'This is a mature industry with an exceptionally long 
product life-cycle. The F-15 or F-16 fighters were designed in the 1960s, entered production in the late 1970s and 
will probably still be being made in the next century.' 
In the old days, the profits from such a product would largely be ploughed into the next generation of weapons, to 
counter whatever the Soviet Union came up with. Now, the cash is mounting up. The Lockheed-Loral merged 
company, the companies said yesterday, will have free cash flow of between $1.5bn and $2bn a year. 
To the extent that this is a self-liquidating process, it plainly cannot be continued indefinitely either. Yet it is not all 
gloom in the industry. While it is still going through a stage of enormous transition, there is evidence that defence 
spending worldwide has bottomed out. In the US, at least, the efforts of Mr Gingrich and his colleagues might 
even secure a slight increase. 
In addition, Mr Callan says, 'globally, a lot of the military equipment bought in the 1960s to 1980s is coming to the 
end of its useful life. So while budgets are bumping along the bottom now, 10 years from now the US military has 
a very interesting problem in maintaining its size, based on elderly capital assets. Russia and China will have the 
same problem, and parts of Europe as well.' 
In other words, the defence industry could prove very profitable for its long-term survivors. 
In the US, there is certainly more consolidation to come. There are still several competing suppliers in many 
areas, such as missiles and naval vessels. And the US government - which is, after all, directly responsible for the 
drop in revenues - is plainly disposed to turn a blind eye to reduced competition and higher profitability in the 
interests of keeping the industry alive. 
This could in itself prove crucial to the US industry's future. The pressures for consolidation which are being felt in 
the US also apply across the globe. It is not impossible that in the next century, the world will support only a 
handful of giant defence contractors. 
But in Europe, for instance, national sensitivities persist. At the local level, even second-league companies from 
the same country such as the UK's General Electric Company and British Aerospace cannot agree the terms of a 
merger. Consolidation between the British, the French or the Germans will prove even harder. 
In such a world, a giant such as Lockheed Martin, with revenues of $30bn and an order backlog of $47bn, has a 
headstart. It may prove correspondingly hard to catch up with. In one sense, the convergence of the US defence 
industry is plainly a response to weakness. In another, it is very much a source of strength. 
(c) The Financial Times Limited 1996. 
Document ftft000020011018ds1901gg9

Page 12 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
LOCKHEED AND MARTIN SIGN $10BN MERGER. 
LOCKHEED AND MARTIN SIGN $10BN MERGER. 
588 words 
31 August 1994 
The Independent - London 
IND 
24 
English 
(c) 1994 Independent Newspapers (UK) Limited . All rights reserved. This material may not be published, 
distributed or exploited in any way. 
_F By LARRY BLACK in New York. 
Biggest deal in US defence history set to trigger further consolidation 
LOCKHEED and Martin Marietta, the second-and third-largest defence contractors in the US, have agreed to the 
biggest merger in the history of the industry, exchanging $10bn (#6.7bn) worth of shares. 
The deal will create a company with more than $22.5bn in annual sales, almost double those of McDonnell 
Douglas, the Pentagon's next biggest supplier. 
The merger, five months in the making, is expected to trigger another round of consolidation among America's 
remaining defence contractors, and share prices rose sharply across the sector yesterday. Interest centred on 
Loral, another company with an ambitious acquisition record, Raytheon, Rockwell and E-Systems, an electronics 
group that has shunned mergers. 
Martin, apparently worried about just such an eventuality, put a poison pill in place, making it prohibitively 
expensive for a third company to try to break up the deal. 
Lockheed Martin, as the merged company will be known, will dominate three key defence sectors - space and 
missiles, aeronautics and electronics. It will employ 173,000 and have an order backlog of $43bn. About 40 per 
cent of its business will be non-US Defense Department work, and it will rank as America's 14th-largest industrial 
group. 
The two companies have been among the most aggressive in responding to the sharp decline in US defence 
spending, acquiring big pieces of former rivals that have decided to leave the weaponry business. 
Lockheed, seeking "critical mass" in an industry that has shrunk almost 70 per cent since the height of the Cold 
War, last year bought General Dynamics' fighter division, while Martin has purchased the aerospace businesses 
of General Electric and General Dynamics. 
In March, Martin triggered the industry's largest bidding war, offering $2bn for Grumman, only to lose out to a 
higher offer by Northrop of California. 
Although Lockheed is a larger company in terms of sales, shareholders in Martin, the more profitable partner, will 
end up controlling a majority of the new group's stock. Lockheed's shares, which will be exchanged for 1.63 
shares in Lockheed Martin, soared $10 3/4 to $76 3/4 yesterday, while Martin's finished up 50 cents at $483 4. 
Norman Augustine, 59, chief executive of Martin, who will succeed Daniel Tellep as Lockheed's chief executive 
upon his retirement, said: "These are Darwinian times in our industry. Failure to change is failure to survive." 
Despite the loss of more than a million jobs since the US military "build-down" began in 1986, the industry still has 
overcapacity equal to almost two-thirds of the market, analysts say. 
As a result, the Pentagon has encouraged consolidation and monopolies regulators have turned a blind eye to 
otherwise anti-competitive mergers.

Page 13 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Mr Tellep cited tough international competition - "companies often subsidised by foreign governments, and 
consolidating across international boundaries" - as one reason for the merger. "This new company will be able to 
compete with anyone, anywhere in the world." 
Both men warned of job losses at the new company, whose weapons businesses have already shed tens of 
thousands in recent years. 
Significant savings will come from eliminating duplication in research and development, analysts said. But they 
held out the hope that new jobs would be created as the group expanded into non-defence businesses. 
The new company would almost certainly make additional acquisitions in the future, although these would involve 
niche products rather than whole contractors. 
Document ind0000020011105dq8v00bue

Page 14 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
US MERGER CREATES $23BN ARMS GIANT. 
US MERGER CREATES $23BN ARMS GIANT. 
By Mark Tran in New York. 
592 words 
31 August 1994 
The Guardian 
GRDN 
11 
English 
(c) 1994 
LOCKHEED and Martin Marietta yesterday announced a $10 billion (6.6 billion) merger, creating a weapons giant 
with $23 billion in sales. 
The biggest defence deal in American history will bring under one roof the makers of some of the US's most 
sophisticated weapons systems and aerospace equipment. 
Lockheed manufactures the Trident missile, the F-16 Falcon fighter and the F-117 Stealth fighter and is one of the 
main contractors for the next generation of fighters, the F-22. Martin Marietta made the Mars Observer spacecraft 
and the Titan IV rocket. The new company will be called Lockheed Martin. 
Announcing the deal at a press conference in New York, Lockheed's chairman, Daniel Tellep, said the alliance 
would be better positioned to compete not only in the US, but against government-subsidised companies abroad. 
His counterpart at Martin Marietta, Norman Augustine, who will lead the combined company once Mr Tellep 
retires, added: "These are Darwinian times. The failure to change is a failure to survive." 
Only last week, the Pentagon signalled more bitter medicine in store for American defence contractors. In a 
leaked memo the deputy defence secretary, John Deutch, wrote of the possibility of cancelling or delaying 
virtually every new weapons system in development. 
That includes the F-22, the largest planned procurement for a single weapons system, costing $71.6 billion. 
Lockheed holds two-thirds of the contract and Boeing the rest. Criticised as unnecessary because of the collapse 
of the former Soviet Union, the F-22 faces the prospect of severe delays or a cut in orders for 442 planes. 
If the cuts - covering planes, helicopters and missiles - are enacted, they would constitute the largest 
retrenchment programme in US defence history. The Pentagon is seeking to make up for a shortfall of $150 
billion in the next five years after underestimating costs and exaggerating savings. 
Weapons procurement is a natural target for the axe as the Pentagon and Congress are loath to sacrifice troop 
readiness by cutting training and operations budgets. The US military also faces rising demands because of relief 
missions in Rwanda, helping Cuban refugees and fighting drug traffickers. 
The share swap merger between Lockheed and Martin Marietta is expected to put pressure on other defence 
contractors such as Loral and TRW to form similar alliances. Earlier this year, the aircraft maker, Northrop, 
swooped in front of Martin Marietta to snap up the struggling Grumman plane company, for $2 billion. In 
anticipation of further deals, shares in defence contractors rose on Wall Street. Shares of Lockheed soared $7 1/8 
to $73 1/8. Shares of Martin Marietta, however retreated $1 to $46 3/4. 
Martin Marietta, based in the Washington DC suburbs of Bethesda, has already bought General Electric's 
aerospace division and General Dynamics' space systems division. Lockheed, based in Calabasas, California, 
bought General Dynamics' F-16 business in 1993. Those recent consolidations are expected to lead to more than 
$2 billion in savings to the government in the next 10 years. 
The combined company will have a total workforce of 170,000, although the number is certain to come down as 
cost-cutting proceeds. The new company will be based in Bethesda and be organised around four major business 
sectors: space and missiles; aeronautics; electronics and information; and technology services. 
Lockheed Martin should catapult to the top of the US government's list of defence contractors, surpassing the 
1993 industry leader, McDonnell Douglas, which had $7.54 billion in contracts.

Page 15 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Document grdn000020011105dq8v00btf

Page 16 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
ANALYSTS SEE MERGER SURVIVING; LOCKHEED-MARTIN DEAL SHOULD PASS; REGULATORS' ANTITRUST TESTS 
BUSINESS 
ANALYSTS SEE MERGER SURVIVING; LOCKHEED-MARTIN DEAL SHOULD PASS; REGULATORS' 
ANTITRUST TESTS 
1994, Bloomberg Business News 
713 words 
31 August 1994 
St. Louis Post-Dispatch 
SLMO 
EDITION: FIVE STAR 
PAGE: 01B 
English 
Copyright 1994, St. Louis Post-Dispatch. All Rights Reserved. 
WASHINGTON 
The proposed $10 billion merger between Lockheed Corp. and Martin Marietta Corp., though bound to draw 
intense scrutiny from federal regulators, is likely to survive any challenge on antitrust grounds, analysts said 
Tuesday. 
That's because the combination, which will create the world's largest defense company on a revenue basis, isn't 
expected to eliminate or seriously restrict competition for the products the companies make. Besides, the 
companies' main customer, the Defense Department, hoping to foster a slimmed-down defense industry to match 
its leaner budgets, has been encouraging mergers among its suppliers for more than a year now. 
"The Pentagon lawyers I talked with said they don't see very many areas where these guys compete," said Terry 
Nyhous, analyst with Price Waterhouse's Federal Budget Policy Group, and a former Pentagon official. 
Lockheed, based in Calabasas, Calif., is a prime contractor - one of the companies performing final assembly of 
Pentagon weapons - while Martin Marietta, based in Bethesda, Md., is mainly a subcontractor, supplying 
component systems to the prime contractors. 
Lockheed's defense product line includes the F-22 advanced fighter jet - which could be worth up to $71 billion in 
Air Force business if it proceeds to production - the F-16 fighter jet, the C-130 transport plane, the Trident nuclear 
missile, and a variety of satellites and launch vehicles. 
Martin Marietta makes some systems, such as the Atlas and Titan satellite launch rockets, external fuel-tank 
components for the space shuttle, and the Hellfire anti-tank missile. However, the company's strength is 
electronic subsystems in weapons systems. 
"There's virtually no duplication in what they do, so in terms of a marriage, it's a good marriage," said Gary Reich, 
analyst with Prudential Securities Research. 
Therefore, "We don't see this having" serious antitrust problems, Lockheed Chairman and Chief Executive Daniel 
Tellep said Tuesday. "We believe it's pro-competitive." Tellep will be chairman and chief executive of the new 
company. 
Not that the Pentagon, the Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission will look the other way as the 
two aerospace giants combine into a single behemoth. 
Deputy Defense Secretary John Deutch, en route to Kingston, Jamaica, told reporters the Pentagon will perform a 
"scrupulous" examination of the proposed merger. "We regard this as being a very major matter." 
While the Pentagon will voice its opinion, it isn't an antitrust regulator. "We'll have a hand in it, but it won't be a 
forceful hand," said a Pentagon official involved with industrial issues who requested anonymity. "That's mainly for 
regulators." 
Federal regulators from the FTC or the Justice Department will "look at product lines, they'll look where the 
parties compete now, and (may compete) in the future," said Steve Newborn, a former director of litigation for the

Page 17 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Federal Trade Commission (FTC). "They could challenge it even if there's only one area" where the companies 
compete, said Newborn, now with the law firm of Rogers & Wells in Washington. 
If there's an antitrust trouble spot, it involves the companies' space systems operations. However, most experts 
agree with Martin Marietta Chairman Norman Augustine that there probably won't be serious degradation of 
competition in the space arena. 
"The test is whether the combination gives them power to increase the price (and) block competition," said Robert 
Crandall, senior fellow of economic studies at the Brookings Institution. In space systems, "There are companies 
with similar capabilities," Crandall said. 
Aside from Lockheed and Martin Marietta, McDonnell Douglas, TRW Inc., General Motors Corp.'s Hughes 
division, and several other American and foreign companies have space capabilities. 
PHOTO, GRAPHIC | (1) Photo by Martin Marietta/AP - Workers assemble a Titan rocket at Martin Marietta's Titan 
manufacturing plant near Denver. The plant employs more than 7,000 people. (2) Graphic/Chart - 
BILLION-DOLLAR DEFENSE DEALS $10 BILLION: Lockheed-Martin Marietta merger, August 1994. $3.05 
BILLION: Martin Marietta buys General Electric's aerospace business, April 1993. $2.17 BILLION: Northrop buys 
Grumman, May 1994. $1.5 BILLION: Lockheed buys General Dynamics' fighter aircraft business, February 1993. 
$1.5 BILLION: Loral buys IBM's Federal Systems unit, January 1994. SOURCE: Associated Press 
Document SLMO000020040621dq8v003aw

Page 18 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Combine or perish in defense industry. 
Combine or perish in defense industry. 
By Daniel Grebler 
717 words 
8 March 1994 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1994 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, March 8 (Reuter) - The $1.9 billion takeover of Grumman Corp by Martin Marietta Corp is more 
proof that the law of survival in the defense industry is combine or perish -- with stockholders the big winners and 
plant workers the big losers. 
Martin Marietta, a Bethesda, Md.-based maker of weapons, electronics and communications systems, has been 
on an acquisition tear. It swallowed up the space systems unit of General Dynamics Corp last year, even before it 
fully digested the aerospace business of General Electric Co. 
With the takeover of Bethpage, N.Y.'s Grumman, maker of the Navy's F-14 Tomcat fighter and other venerable 
warplanes, Martin Marietta is hurtling to the top of the fast-shrinking U.S. defense industry. The top spot, based 
on total government contracts, is still held by McDonnell Douglas Corp. 
General Dynamics, previously No. 2, has chosen the opposite route, embarking on a path of divesting itself out of 
the business. Last year it sold its tactical aircraft unit to Lockheed Corp, adding to the stream of cash it has 
distributed to its shareholders. 
"This is a process that will continue for a while, putting pressure on others to become either buyers or sellers," 
Lior Bregman, a Wall Street analyst who follows the defense industry for Oppenheimer & Co., said of the latest 
deal. "If you don't participate, you may perish," he said. 
The urge to merge is powered by shrinking Defense Department spending following the collapse of the Soviet 
Union. Defense contractors, no longer able to count on a flow of contracts from Uncle Sam, are focusing on 
grabbing a bigger part of the ever-smaller pie. 
Norman Augustine, chairman and CEO of Martin Marietta, told reporters Monday that at a recent Pentagon 
meeting with aircraft manufacturing executives, officials indicated there is enough business to support only two 
aircraft makers out of the current five. 
Despite the downsizing, contractors are plowing less money back into research and development, freeing up 
funds for takeovers, says Jack Borsting, a professor of business administration at the University of Southern 
California in Los Angeles and a former assistant secretary of defense under the Reagan administration. 
While the consolidation serves to eliminate industry inefficiencies, boosting earnings -- and stock prices -- it has 
taken a heavy toll on employees and the communities dependent on their dollars. 
Defense companies have come through the time of turmoil with colors flying. According to the Defense Budget 
Project, a Washington research organization, the eight companies most dependent on defense spending had a 
60 percent gain in net income last year. At the same time, the stock of the 20 top contractors rose 31 percent for 
the year, more than twice the 14 percent gain of the Dow Jones industrial average, it said. 
The stock of McDonnell Douglas more than doubled, while that of General Dynamics, after nearly doubling in 
1992, gained another 69 percent last year, while Grumman soared 61 percent and Loral Corp gained 56 percent. 
"The big long-term question is, 'How long can you consolidate and essentially squeeze blood out of a stone?'" 
said Richard Bitzinger, an analyst who compiled the Project's year-end industry review in January. "Given the 
over-capacity, these consolidations are a good thing from the aspect of the health of the industry," he said. "But 
there is an impact on the workers on the assembly lines and their communities."

Page 19 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
According to Bitzinger, the top 20 defense companies shed 177,000 jobs between 1991 and 1993, for a 15 
percent decline to 1.02 million. The group quotes the Aerospace Industries Association as predicting a five 
percent cut -- or about 49,000 jobs -- in 1994 employment in the aerospace sector. 
"The interesting thing about a lot of the mergers is that the job losses are spread among the white collar and 
management groups," said Ray Hilgert, a professor of management and industrial relations at Washington 
University in St. Louis, where McDonnell Douglas is a major employer. 
"The defense industry jobs by and large have been good, well-paying jobs, so to a community, with a large 
number of people drawing incomes and benefits, it is a very difficult thing. "Those jobs are usually not 
replaceable." 
(c) Reuters Limited 1994 
Document lba0000020011119dq3803c17 
Search Summary 
Text Norman Augustine AND loral 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/1997 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Lockheed Martin Corp. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

