Page 1 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Much to Mull At N.Y. Agency: Mellon-BNY, Taylor's Exit ................................................................................................2
Would a Deal By Any Other Name Sell This Sweetly? ...................................................................................................4
Bank of N.Y. to buy Mellon..............................................................................................................................................7
Financial: Bank of New York merges with Mellon in pounds 8bn deal............................................................................9
Bank of New York merges with Mellon in pounds 8bn deal ..........................................................................................10
financial services US banking giants join together in $16.5bn deal ..............................................................................11
2 giant banks to merge..................................................................................................................................................12
Bank of New York and Mellon to merge........................................................................................................................14
Bank of New York to Buy Mellon Financial ...................................................................................................................15
Bank Of New York, Mellon Financial To Merge- (NYSE:BK) ........................................................................................17
RPT-Bank of New York, Mellon to merge .....................................................................................................................20
UPDATE 8-Bank of New York to buy Mellon for $16.5 bln ...........................................................................................21
LEAD: Bank of New York to buy Mellon Financial Corp. for $16.5 billion .....................................................................23
Bank of New York to merge with Mellon Financial Corp. ..............................................................................................24
FT.com site : Mellon and Bank of NY to merge.............................................................................................................25
UPDATE: Street Darling Kelly To Lead Combined Mellon-BoNY .................................................................................26
2ND UPDATE: Bank Of New York To Buy Mellon, Create $43 Bln Custody Giant ......................................................28
Kelly Brings Integration Experience To Mellon-BoNY ...................................................................................................30
Fitch Affirms Bank of New York & Mellon Financial on Merger Announcement; Outlook to Positive............................32
Bank of New York to buy Mellon Financial for $16.5 billion ..........................................................................................36
Bank of New York to buy Mellon Financial for $17.6 billion ..........................................................................................38
Bank of New York, Mellon to merge, combined co valued at 43 bln usd UPDATE.......................................................40
Bank of New York buys Mellon Financial for 16.5 bln dlrs ............................................................................................41
Bank of New York buys Mellon Financial for 16.5 bln dlrs ............................................................................................43
Bank of New York, Mellon Financial to merge ..............................................................................................................45
UPDATE 4-Bank of New York surges 7 pct as profit tops views...................................................................................46
Page 2 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Much to Mull At N.Y. Agency: Mellon-BNY, Taylor's Exit
Washington
Much to Mull At N.Y. Agency: Mellon-BNY, Taylor's Exit
By Todd Davenport
1,008 words
15 December 2006
American Banker
AMB
English
(c) 2006 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON -- The merger of Mellon Financial Corp. and Bank of New York Co. has raised questions about
the largest remaining charter supervised by the New York State Banking Department at a time when that
agency's leadership faces uncertainty of its own.
In the wake of Eliot Spitzer's election as governor, the department's superintendent, Diana Taylor, has decided to
resign, according to close associates.
In a statement, Ms. Taylor left little doubt she plans to move on, though the timing remains uncertain -- "I have
had the privilege of being the banking superintendent of the State of New York for three and a half years. I have
enjoyed my tenure here, it has been a wonderful experience, and I am looking forward to the next phase of my
career."
No state is more aware of the shifting momentum toward the national charter than New York.
When Ms. Taylor became the superintendent over three years ago, the department supervised banking charters
with aggregate assets over $1 trillion.
It's a markedly different story now. HSBC Bank USA, the primary bank subsidiary of HSBC Holdings PLC,
dropped its state charter in July 2004; JPMorgan Chase & Co. followed suit that year. Capital One Financial Corp.
said in May that it would drop the state charter of North Fork Bank -- which itself had acquired another large state
charter, GreenPoint Bank's, in October 2004.
According to third-quarter figures, the banking department now oversees charters with about $319 billion of
aggregate assets. Should Bank of New York's charter -- the remaining big enchilada in the department's
regulatory regime -- go the way of most of its peers, assets would fall to $228 billion.
As banks get larger and do more business across state lines, the national charter is an obvious choice, and the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency has taken great pains to delineate the advantages of the charter's
preemptive powers. And though national charters are more expensive than state ones -- to the tune of millions of
dollars, depending on the bank's size -- the additional costs are more manageable the larger a bank becomes.
Officials at Bank of New York and Mellon say they have not made a decision about which charter they would
keep. The $43 billion-asset Mellon does banking business through national charters.
Bank of New York Co. has $107 billion of assets, including $91 billion at its primary subsidiary, the Bank of New
York. Choosing a national charter would be a blow to the state banking department, which funds itself partially
through assessments based on assets.
"It would be yet another challenge for the state to lose another large member of its constituency, because
obviously that has financial implications," said one industry source, who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
"And it's not like the demands of bank supervision are going down."
But the decision would not be an easy one. Bank of New York has a long relationship with the state, and the
combined company, to be called Bank of New York Mellon Corp., does not have the same need for the national
charter's preemptive powers that large, consumer-intensive banks do.
Page 3 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
"If you had a retail national business, you'd probably want a federal charter, to get some consistency on the terms
that apply to you," a Washington banking lawyer said. "But the kind of business that Bank of New York and
Mellon do is in less need of a national platform."
The state shares regulatory oversight of the bank with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, which is intimately
involved with the infrastructure supporting global securities custody, asset transfers, and wire payments.
"If you are a bank that is heavily into clearing and payment systems, you want to have a good relationship with
the Fed, and perhaps being a state member bank would be beneficial," said Gil Schwartz, a partner at Schwartz &
Ballen LLP.
Bank of New York's relationship with its regulators has not been all wine and roses, however. In the late 1990s
federal authorities investigated claims of money laundering by organized crime figures in Russia through
accounts at the bank. Congressional hearings, stock woes, and shareholder lawsuits ensued.
The company eventually testified that about $7.5 billion moved through several accounts over a three-year period,
and though corporate officials had flagged the activity, they did not look into the matter thoroughly.
"Questions were not pursued with sufficient vigor or follow-through," chief executive Thomas Renyi told
lawmakers at a Sept. 22, 1999, hearing. "Allowing these accounts to remain open and active without sufficient
questioning was a lapse on the part of the bank."
In a February 2000 written agreement with the state banking department and the New York Fed, Bank of New
York committed to beefing up its compliance with Bank Secrecy Act requirements.
This year Bank of New York signed a new agreement with the state banking department and the New York Fed
after examinations revealed "further deficiencies" in its anti-laundering programs, "particularly with regard to
internal controls and procedures for initiating, tracking, documenting, reconciling, and auditing suspicious-activity
referrals and ensuring that suspicious-activity reports were timely filed."
Bankers and lawyers generally agree that the state banking department has been aggressive on enforcing BSA
and anti-laundering requirements, but not more so than federal regulators.
"I would be surprised if a charter decision was being driven by AML enforcement concerns," said D. Jean Veta, a
partner in the Washington office of Covington & Burling LLP. "That kind of approach is like jumping out of the
frying pan into the fire." As another lawyer put it, "You're going to get a tough AML review one way or the other,
and you're going to get federal oversight one way or the other."
(c) 2006 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. http://www.americanbanker.com
http://www.sourcemedia.com
photo, Taylor
Document AMB0000020061215e2cf00001
Page 4 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Would a Deal By Any Other Name Sell This Sweetly?
Washington
Would a Deal By Any Other Name Sell This Sweetly?
By Todd Davenport
1,753 words
11 December 2006
American Banker
AMB
English
(c) 2006 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved.
The stock market reacted warmly to the deals that Bank of New York Co. and Mellon Financial Corp. announced
last week; shares of both companies rose smartly, despite a lack of Wall Street consensus on precisely what had
transpired between them.
Officials at both companies carefully referred to the transaction as a merger, but many investment analysts and
news media accounts rejected that as neutral posturing and tried to apply the familiar "acquirer" and "seller"
labels. What was startling was the lack of consensus even on this point.
Beneath the jumbled calculus of who would take over whom is a discussion that goes well beyond semantics.
Some analysts say the transaction's complex structure is intended to preserve Mellon's richer market premium
and apply it to the combined company, which would be named Bank of New York Mellon Corp. The companies,
meanwhile, say the structure is designed to make sure that they carry out a balanced merger.
"Both parties bring very high-quality business franchises to the table, so we wanted to look at the respective
contribution of each franchise in terms of how we split key management roles, board roles, and the exchange
ratio to make it as close to a true merger as we could," Bruce Van Saun, Bank of New York's chief financial
officer, said in an interview.
The official line has been greeted with skepticism. Consolidation in the banking industry has spurred over 5,000
corporate combinations in the past 15 years, but calling the transactions "mergers" is, in the minds of many
observers, a colossal misnomer.
"All mergers are effectively an acquisition of one company by the other, notwithstanding what the rhetoric is," said
one banking lawyer who specializes in mergers and acquisitions, and who spoke on the condition of anonymity,
because he thought being identified would be bad for business.
In banking, promises to merge rather than acquire are legion. Most of the industry's largest transactions were sold
to investors under that premise. But in deal after deal, one company waxed and the other waned. NationsBank
Corp. took BankAmerica Corp.'s name and then flat-out took over, as did Norwest Corp. when it acquired Wells
Fargo & Co. Transactions joining Travelers Group with Citicorp, and Fleet Financial Group with BankBoston
Corp., were ostensibly mergers of equals, but clear victors emerged in those cases, too.
Sometimes the putative seller seems to be the acquirer before long, as in the case of the recent transaction
between Regions Financial Corp. and AmSouth Bancorp.
"You never know except by waiting for history to determine which was more equal than the other," said Ronald
Janis, a bank M&A lawyer at Pitney Hardin LLP.
There are several components that third parties weigh in determining the acquirer in any given transaction. In
Bank of New York's deal with Mellon, those components are exquisitely balanced -- even down to the manner in
which they communicated their choice of headquarters.
The decision to stay in New York was a logical one, given the companies' money- and markets-centered
businesses, but the companies anticipated an emotional reaction from Pittsburgh residents, who over the years
have earned a certain sensitivity to corporate defections.
Mellon drafted a separate announcement for the Pittsburgh press that highlighted steps the companies would
take to make sure the city does not go neglected, including a promise to add, rather than subtract, employees
Page 5 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
there. The companies appointed a local advisory board, boosted the size of a charitable foundation, and vowed to
hold at least two board meetings a year in Pittsburgh.
Observers who say Bank of New York is taking over Mellon perceive the choice of headquarters as one obvious
manifestation of the tilting balance of power. They also point to the fact that Bank of New York's shareholders
would end up with 63% of the combined company.
Most lawyers agree that the shareholder breakdown is largely irrelevant, and is usually only a reflection of each
company's financial contribution to the combined company. In fact, the companies' estimates for next year show
Bank of New York kicking in 64% of the earnings (and 70% of the equity).
Neither company has a large, influential investor. At neither company do executives and directors even approach
a combined ownership of 5%.
In this case, "the shareholders don't matter," said the banking lawyer who requested anonymity. "What matters
are the board and the management."
Here again, the components are carefully balanced. The board of the combined company, which would use the
BNY Mellon brand, would have 18 members: 10 from Bank of New York and eight from Mellon. The Bank of New
York preponderance is at least partially mitigated by the fact that in 18 months Thomas Renyi, currently Bank of
New York's chairman and chief executive, would step down as the combined company's chairman -- making way
for Robert Kelly, who already has been named the CEO of the combined company.
The management breakdown also is intriguing. Of the 22 key senior management positions identified by the
companies in a joint presentation, 14 would go to current Bank of New York executives, and the remaining eight
would go to Mellon executives. Despite the raw numbers, the balance of power is more complicated. Not only
would Mr. Kelly hold the top spot, but the heads of asset management and wealth management would come from
Mellon. The third line of business, asset servicing, would feature co-heads, with one each from Mellon and Bank
of New York.
To stock-focused investment analysts, the exchange ratio tells the story, and on that basis alone a number of
analysts have concluded that Mellon is the acquirer.
"Bank of New York got the premium," said Gerard Cassidy, an analyst at Royal Bank of Canada's RBC Capital
Markets. "How could someone acquire another company and get paid to do the acquisition?"
Though he acknowledged that the premium was slim, he cited it as the ultimate evidence of who is buying whom,
since acquirers offer premiums to entice shareholders to give up control.
Mr. Van Saun said the premium is merely a consequence of using the companies' average trading prices over the
past year, rather than their closing prices on the day before the transaction's was announced, as the reference
point.
"Mellon has had some recent business momentum, and that was reflected in its current multiple," he said.
Meanwhile, Bank of New York "had affected some very significant transactions that we were just in the process of
closing," and "our view was that we were on the cusp of getting some of that revaluation."
In fact, some analysts suggested that it was precisely the premium multiple that dictated the deal's careful
structure.
"They are swapping into the Mellon stock and giving some of that premium to Bank of New York shareholders in
hopes of retaining that higher valuation," said Mark Fitzgibbon, an analyst at Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP. "The
Street was basically telling people that the Mellon culture under Bob Kelly's leadership was better, and they
valued the stock at a higher multiple -- and the Street wants the Mellon culture to pervade" the combined
company.
Mr. Cassidy also noted that Bank of New York has traded at a discount to the trust banks.
"There was a reason for that," he said. "The new company has to make sure that its communication with
shareholders follows the path of Bob Kelly's Mellon rather than the old Bank of New York."
Longtime banking observers said mergers of equals do not work, because the theoretically clean math of
combining two companies is sullied considerably by human factors.
Page 6 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Companies attempting mergers of equals "don't begin with a single way of doing business, and you have to look
at everything: Who's the best person for the job, and what's the best system to use," Mr. Janis said. "It causes
immense headaches, and you often develop an adversarial relationship, particularly depending on how the
leaders work together. People become uncertain of their future, and that brings out the worst in people."
The process "ends up inevitably in a power struggle, whether people want a power struggle or not," he said.
Hope springs eternal, however, and observers say the deal between Bank of New York and Mellon has as good a
shot at being a true merger of any they have seen. Some of the power struggles that take place at traditional
retail-oriented banking companies don't factor into this deal -- there's unlikely to be a battle over credit cultures,
for instance -- and the companies' strengths tend to complement each other, rather than overlap, observers said.
"Mellon isn't in the corporate trust business, so to presume they could come in and somehow gut that -- with
who?" asked Robert Lee, an analyst at KBW Inc.'s Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Inc. "Mellon's not in the
securities-clearing business. To presume that they will cut people out -- well, what people are you going to put
in?"
The dynamics that prevented Bank of New York from buying Mellon almost a decade ago are no longer in
evidence, starting at the very top of Mellon's organization.
"Someone who has been at Mellon for 20 years and is cutting this deal is always going to lean to the Mellon side
for all the answers, but Bob Kelly's only been there 10 months," Mr. Cassidy said. "I think he'll take a more
objective view, because his loyalties aren't as deep. It could be a real win for the combined company."
Mr. Fitzgibbon is dubious, saying that he could not "think of a transaction in which one culture did not ultimately
prevail," but he, too, said that Mr. Kelly's relatively short history at Mellon could pave the way for a more
collaborative merger process.
Officials at both companies, not surprisingly, echo that optimism.
"I do think in this case that there is a very good chance of success of having these companies fit together and it
being a true merger," Mr. Van Saun said. "There was a natural division of playing to each others' strengths when
the major operating roles were delineated. I think everybody has accepted it." Maybe so, but history suggests a
challenge still lies ahead.
(c) 2006 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. http://www.americanbanker.com
http://www.sourcemedia.com
Document AMB0000020061211e2cb00008
Page 7 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Bank of N.Y. to buy Mellon
BUSINESS
Bank of N.Y. to buy Mellon
ASSOCIATED PRESS
Times Staff Writer
586 words
5 December 2006
St. Petersburg Times
STPT
English
Copyright 2006 St. Petersburg Times. All Rights Reserved.
NEW YORK - Bank of New York Co. has agreed to take over Mellon Financial Corp. for stock valued at
$17.6-billion in a deal that will create the world's largest securities servicing company and one of the biggest asset
managers.
The combination, which is expected to be completed by the middle of next year, combines two financial
institutions that are deeply steeped in American history. New York-based Bank of New York was founded in 1784
by Alexander Hamilton, who went on to become the first secretary of the U.S. Treasury.
Mellon Financial, meanwhile, has been around since its 1869 founding by the Mellon family of financiers and
philanthropists.
The new company - which will preserve links to that heritage by calling itself the Bank of New York Mellon Corp. -
will be the world's leading securities servicer with $16.6-trillion in assets under custody.
It also will rank among the top 10 global asset managers with more than $1.1-trillion in assets under
management.
But the companies also said in announcing the deal on Monday that they expect it will result in the elimination of
about 3,900 jobs, or nearly 10 percent of their combined work force of about 40,000. They said reductions would
be made through normal attrition "wherever possible."
The deal has been approved by each company's board of directors, but requires approval by regulators and
shareholders.
Investors appeared to signal support by sending shares in Bank of New York shares up $4.27, or 12 percent, to
close at $39.75 on the New York Stock Exchange. Shares in Pittsburgh-based Mellon rose $2.73, or 6.8 percent,
to close at $42.78 on the NYSE.
The rise in Mellon's price boosted the value of the deal to $17.6-billion from the $16.5-billion price at Friday's
closing share price.
Analyst David George with A.G. Edwards & Sons Inc. in St. Louis upgraded Mellon Financial to "buy" from "hold,"
saying "from our perspective, this is an excellent transaction as it creates a securities servicing and asset
management behemoth that can rival any bank or asset manager."
Several ratings agencies affirmed or boosted their readings for the merging banks. Standard & Poor's Ratings
Services affirmed the ratings of both banks and said the outlook was stable.
The announcement also said that Thomas Renyi, chairman and chief executive officer of Bank of New York,
would lead the merger integration team as the new institution's executive chairman for 18 months. Mellon's
chairman and chief executive, Robert P. Kelly, will be CEO of the merged bank and then replace Renyi when he
retires.
The companies said they expected the combined company to cut costs by about $700-million a year and said the
deal will result in restructuring charges of about $1.3-billion.
Page 8 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Bank of New York's shareholders will receive 0.9434 shares in the new company for each share of Bank of New
York that they own, and Mellon shareholders will receive one share in the new company for each Mellon share.
Bank of New York shareholders will get about 63 percent of the shares in the new company.
Executives said that once the deal is completed, the new company would be the 11th largest bank or brokerage
in the United States by market capitalization and the largest custodial bank by the same measure.
Document STPT000020061205e2c500008
Page 9 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Financial: Bank of New York merges with Mellon in pounds 8bn deal
Guardian Financial Pages
Financial: Bank of New York merges with Mellon in pounds 8bn deal
David Teather
429 words
5 December 2006
The Guardian
GRDN
English
© Copyright 2006. The Guardian. All rights reserved.
Bank of New York agreed a $16.5bn (pounds 8bn) deal to acquire Mellon Financial Corporation yesterday,
combining two of the most venerable names in American business.
The deal is the latest in the consolidation of the United States financial services industry, which has been
convulsed by a series of huge mergers and takeovers.
The agreement creates a top 10 global asset management group, with $1.1 trillion invested. It will also be among
the largest "securities servicing" firms in the world, providing for financial institutions including execution,
independent research, clearing, securities lending and other so-called "custody" services for assets. The
combined market value of the two is $43bn and it will rank as the 11th largest financial institution in the US.
Bank of New York-Mellon Corporation will cut 3,900 jobs from its 40,000-strong combined workforce. It said it
hoped that most of the cuts would come from natural attrition. They expect to strip out $700m in costs.
But there was reassuring news for residents of Pittsburgh, a former steel base in the "rust-belt" of the American
north-east, where Mellon is based. The Bank of New York said it intended to create up to 2,000 jobs in the city,
partly because of lower labour costs.
Among other deals in the past few years, Bank of America has paid $35bn for the credit card firm MBNA and
$49bn for its rival FleetBoston; JP Morgan Chase paid $59bn for BankOne; and Wachovia, the fourth-biggest
American bank, paid $14bn for SouthTrust Corporation, with branches throughout the American south.
Bank of New York was founded in 1784 by Alexander Hamilton, who went on to become the first US treasury
secretary. Mellon was founded in 1869 and was known for helping to finance the US steel industry. Andrew
Mellon, who ran the company after his father died, also served as the US treasury secretary.
Robert Kelly, Mellon's chief executive, will take the same job at the merged firm. Thomas Renyi, chairman and
chief executive of Bank of New York, will serve as executive chairman of the merged operation for 18 months,
charged with the integration of the two businesses.
Mr Kelly said the two firms would fit well together. "Mellon is huge in asset management and has a nice asset
servicing ability as well. In contrast, Bank of New York is huge on the asset-servicing side and security servicing
but smaller in asset management," he said.
Document GRDN000020061205e2c50000b
Page 10 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Bank of New York merges with Mellon in pounds 8bn deal
Guardian Financial Pages
Bank of New York merges with Mellon in pounds 8bn deal
David Teather
449 words
5 December 2006
The Guardian
GRDN
English
© Copyright 2006. The Guardian. All rights reserved.
Bank of New York agreed a $16.5bn (pounds 8bn) deal to acquire Mellon Financial Corporation yesterday,
combining two of the most venerable names in American business.
The deal is the latest in the consolidation of the United States financial services industry, which has been
convulsed by a series of huge mergers and takeovers.
The agreement creates a top 10 global asset management group, with $1.1 trillion invested. It will also be among
the largest "securities servicing" firms in the world, providing for financial institutions including execution,
independent research, clearing, securities lending and other so-called "custody" services for assets. The
combined market value of the two is $43bn and it will rank as the 11th largest financial institution in the US.
Bank of New York-Mellon Corporation will cut 3,900 jobs from its 40,000-strong combined workforce. It said it
hoped that most of the cuts would come from natural attrition. They expect to strip out $700m in costs.
But there was reassuring news for residents of Pittsburgh, a former steel base in the "rust-belt" of the American
north-east, where Mellon is based. The Bank of New York said it intended to create up to 2,000 jobs in the city,
partly because of lower labour costs.
Among other deals in the past few years, Bank of America has paid $35bn for the credit card firm MBNA and
$49bn for its rival FleetBoston; JP Morgan Chase paid $59bn for BankOne; and Wachovia, the fourth-biggest
American bank, paid $14bn for SouthTrust Corporation, with branches throughout the American south.
Bank of New York was founded in 1784 by Alexander Hamilton, who went on to become the first US treasury
secretary. Mellon was founded in 1869 and was known for helping to finance the US steel industry. Andrew
Mellon, who ran the company after his father died, also served as the US treasury secretary.
Robert Kelly, Mellon's chief executive, will take the same job at the merged firm. Thomas Renyi, chairman and
chief executive of Bank of New York, will serve as executive chairman of the merged operation for 18 months,
charged with the integration of the two businesses.
Mr Kelly said the two firms would fit well together. "Mellon is huge in asset management and has a nice asset
servicing ability as well. In contrast, Bank of New York is huge on the asset-servicing side and security servicing
but smaller in asset management," he said.
The combined market value of the two companies, which will rank as the United States' 11th largest financial
business
$ 43 bn
Document GRDN000020061204e2c5000jo
Page 11 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
financial services US banking giants join together in $16.5bn deal
City:
financial services US banking giants join together in $16.5bn deal
By David Litterick in New York
482 words
5 December 2006
The Daily Telegraph
DT
English
(c) 2006 Telegraph Group Limited, London
TWO of the most illustrious names in American finance are joining forces in a $16.5bn ( pounds 8.35bn) deal that
will create one of the largest asset managers and stock custodians in the world.
Bank of New York has agreed to buy Mellon Financial a decade after its hostile approach that valued Mellon at
$23bn was rejected.
The new company, which will be called Bank of New York Mellon, will be the world's leading asset servicer with
$16,600bn in assets under custody and corporate trustee with $8,000bn in assets under trusteeship. It will rank
among the top 10 global asset managers with more than $1,100bn in assets under management.
Neither bank has a retail presence, with Mellon selling its consumer banking arm to Royal Bank of Scotland for
$2.1bn in 2001. Bank of New York swapped its own retail branches for JP Morgan's corporate trust business
earlier this year.
Instead, the companies have focused on custodian services, in which a bank handles securities ownership for
institutional investors, a role that could include safeguarding securities, settling purchases or sales of shares and
collecting dividends.
The all-share deal links New York's oldest bank, founded by Alexander Hamilton in 1784, with the institution that
helped finance the US steel industry in the late 1800s.
They said they will cut pre-tax costs by about $700m a year, in part by shedding about 3,900 of their 40,000
employees over the next three years. Restructuring charges from the merger will be about $1.3bn while combined
annual revenue will be around $12.5bn.
Robert Kelly, the chairman and chief executive officer of Mellon, will become chief executive of the new company.
Thomas Renyi, chairman and chief executive of the Bank of New York, will be executive chairman for 18 months
and then retire.
Alexander Hamilton founded Bank of New York following the American Revolution. Mellon is a relative newcomer,
founded in 1869 by Judge Thomas Mellon. The Mellon family gave up control in 1967.
Wall Street embraced the deal, sending Mellon's shares 6pc higher and Bank of New York's up by close to 12pc.
"The organic growth of our respective companies is already strong, and the cost savings and revenue synergies
opportunities are excellent,'' Mr Kelly said.
Goldman Sachs advised Bank of New York, while Mellon was advised by UBS and Lazard.
Comment
US financial services groups have spent $267bn buying rivals this year. In banking, bigger is better again.
Nowhere is that truer than in the kind of custodian services offered by Bank of New York and Mellon. Scale is
crucial in an industry where cyclical risks are lower than in other financial services, but margins are low. Expect
more of the same from rivals.
Document DT00000020061205e2c50000i
Page 12 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
2 giant banks to merge
2 giant banks to merge
By Eileen Alt Powell Associated Press
865 words
5 December 2006
Deseret Morning News
DN
English
(c) 2006 Deseret News Publishing Co.
NEW YORK -- Bank of New York Co. has agreed to take over Mellon Financial Corp. for stock valued at $17.6
billion in a deal that will create the world's largest securities servicing company and one of the biggest asset
managers.
The merger, which is expected to be completed by the middle of next year, combines two financial institutions that
are deeply steeped in American history. New York-based Bank of New York was founded in 1784 by Alexander
Hamilton, who went on to become the first secretary of the U.S. Treasury. Mellon Financial, meanwhile, has been
around since its 1869 founding by the Mellon family of financiers and philanthropists.
The new company -- which will preserve links to that heritage by calling itself the Bank of New York Mellon Corp.
-- will be the world's leading asset servicer with $16.6 trillion in assets under custody.
It also will rank among the top 10 global asset managers with more than $1.1 trillion in assets under
management.
But the companies also said in announcing the deal on Monday that they expect it will result in the elimination of
about 3,900 jobs, or nearly 10 percent of their combined work force of about 40,000. They said reductions would
be made through normal attrition "wherever possible."
The deal has been approved by each company's board of directors but requires approval by regulators and
shareholders.
Investors appeared to signal support on Monday by sending Bank of New York shares up $4.27, or 12 percent, to
close at $39.75 on the New York Stock Exchange. Shares in Pittsburgh-based Mellon rose $2.73, or 6.8 percent,
to close at $42.78 on the NYSE.
The rise in Mellon's price boosted the value of the deal to $17.6 billion from $16.5 billion at Friday's closing share
price.
Analyst David A. George with A.G. Edwards & Sons Inc. in St. Louis upgraded Mellon Financial to "buy" from
"hold," saying "from our perspective, this is an excellent transaction as it creates a securities servicing and asset
management behemoth that can rival any bank or asset manager in the world."
Several ratings agencies affirmed or boosted their readings for the merging banks. Standard & Poor's Ratings
Services affirmed the ratings of both banks and said the outlook was stable; Fitch Ratings affirmed the ratings of
both banks and assigned a "positive outlook" to them; Moody's Investors Service affirmed its ratings on Bank of
New York and put Mellon on review for "positive upgrade."
The announcement also said that Thomas Renyi, chairman and chief executive officer of Bank of New York,
would lead the merger integration team as the new institution's executive chairman for 18 months. Mellon's
chairman and chief executive, Robert P. Kelly, will be CEO of the merged bank and then replace Renyi when he
retires.
Renyi, 60, has been CEO of the New York bank since 1997 and chairman since 1998. Kelly, 52, who had been
the chief financial officer of Wachovia Corp. in Charlotte, N.C., took over at Mellon last February with the
retirement of longtime chief executive Martin G. McGuinn.
The companies said they expected the combined company to cut costs by about $700 million a year and said the
deal will result in restructuring charges of about $1.3 billion.
Page 13 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Bank of New York's shareholders will receive 0.9434 shares in the new company for each share of Bank of New
York that they own, and Mellon shareholders will receive one share in the new company for each Mellon share
they own.
Bank of New York shareholders will get about 63 percent of the shares in the new company.
Charles Bralver, executive director of Mercer, Oliver Wyman financial services consultancy, noted that the
combination of the two banks will give them more heft in asset management and private banking, which could
improve its price-earnings ratio, which is a measure of how expensive the stock is relative to other shares.
Bralver also said the combined company would provide "more formidable competition" to companies such as
Boston-based State Street Corp., which is among the top providers of pensions processing and custodial
servicers, as well as banks that have big custody operations, including Citigroup Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co.
In Pittsburgh, government officials took heart that while the new company would be headquartered in New York, it
expects to leave major divisions such as cash management and stock transfer in Pittsburgh. Company officials
also said that the work force in the Pittsburgh area could grow.
"Early indications are that this could potentially add 1,000 or more jobs to the region. That makes it a little different
than some deals in the past," Mayor Luke Ravenstahl said, referring to other businesses that moved corporate
headquarters from the city.
In a presentation to analysts, executives said that once the deal is completed, the new company would be the
11th largest bank or brokerage in the United States by market capitalization and the largest custodial bank by the
same measure.
Document DN00000020061205e2c500018
Page 14 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Bank of New York and Mellon to merge
Bank of New York and Mellon to merge
460 words
5 December 2006
Banking Newslink
BKNEWS
English
Copyright 2006. Only Strategic Limited.
The Bank of New York and Mellon Financial Corporation have agreed to merge. The release states the deal will
be immediately cash accretive and GAAP accretive from 2008. Cost savings are estimated at $700m per annum,
mainly arising from a 3,500 reduction in headcount from a total of 40,000.
The new company is to be called Bank of New York Mellon Corporation. The deal is subject to regulatory
approvals and approval by shareholders of both banks. The proposal uses the Mellon share price is the standard
with Mellon shareholders getting a one for one exchange with the new bank shares. BoNY shareholders will get
0.934 shares per BoNY share.
The definitive agreement to merge, creates the largest securities servicing and asset management firm globally
with $16.6tr (->12.5bn £8.4bn $¥1,919bn)assets under custody. In asset servicing the new bank will have $8tr
(->6.0bn £4.0bn ¥925bn) assets under trusteeship. In addition it wll bw one of the top asset managers with $1.1tr
(->827bn £557bn ¥127.2tr) AUM.
Thomas Renyi, chairman and chief executive of The Bank of New York will become excecutive chairman of the
new bank whilst Robert Kelly, currently president, chairman and chief executive officer of Mellon will be CEO.
Kelly will succeed Renyi as chairman after 18 months. Gerald Hassell, president of BoNY will become president
of the new bank. The new board will have 10 members appointed by BoNY and eight by Mellon. The HQ will be
New York but retaining "a strong and growing presence in Pittsburgh".
Mr. Renyi said: "We are creating one of the world's leading financial services growth companies. Both our
companies focus their businesses in highly attractive sectors of the financial services industry. Together, we will
be the global leader in securities servicing, and one of the top providers of asset and wealth management
worldwide. Together, we will have the scale, the technology, the capital, and the people we need to compete and
win in the rapidly expanding global marketplace."
Mr. Kelly said: "The merger creates an extraordinarily strong and rapidly growing global competitor in our core
businesses. Through this merger, we will be able to invest and expand more effectively than any of our
competitors due to our combined scale, profitability and global reach. The organic growth of our respective
companies is already strong, and the cost savings and revenue synergies opportunities are excellent. Together,
we will have the best service in the world, strong investment performance and the highest fiduciary standards."
The market liked the idea with BoNY shares up more than 10% and Mellon up over 5% by midday Monday.
This article is supplied by Banking Newslink ( www.bankingnewslink.com/factiva ).
Document BKNEWS0020061205e2c500001
Page 15 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Bank of New York to Buy Mellon Financial
Bank of New York to Buy Mellon Financial
By EILEEN ALT POWELL
AP Business Writer
995 words
4 December 2006
20:37
Associated Press Newswires
APRS
English
(c) 2006. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.
NEW YORK (AP) - Bank of New York Co. has agreed to take over Mellon Financial Corp. for stock valued at
$17.6 billion in a deal that will create the world's largest securities servicing company and one of the biggest asset
managers.
The combination, which is expected to be completed by the middle of next year, combines two financial
institutions that are deeply steeped in American history. New York-based Bank of New York was founded in 1784
by Alexander Hamilton, who went on to become the first secretary of the U.S. Treasury. Mellon Financial,
meanwhile, has been around since its 1869 founding by the Mellon family of financiers and philanthropists.
The new company -- which will preserve links to that heritage by calling itself the Bank of New York Mellon Corp.
-- will be the world's leading asset servicer with $16.6 trillion in assets under custody.
It also will rank among the top 10 global asset managers with more than $1.1 trillion in assets under
management.
But the companies also said in announcing the deal on Monday that they expect it will result in the elimination of
about 3,900 jobs, or nearly 10 percent of their combined work force of about 40,000. They said reductions would
be made through normal attrition "wherever possible."
The deal has been approved by each company's board of directors, but requires approval by regulators and
shareholders.
Investors appeared to signal support on Monday by sending shares in Bank of New York shares up $4.27, or 12
percent, to close at $39.75 on the New York Stock Exchange. Shares in Pittsburgh-based Mellon rose $2.73, or
6.8 percent, to close at $42.78 on the NYSE.
The rise in Mellon's price boosted the value of the deal to $17.6 billion from the $16.5 billion price at Friday's
closing share price.
Analyst David A. George with A.G. Edwards & Sons Inc. in St. Louis upgraded Mellon Financial to "buy" from
"hold," saying "from our perspective, this is an excellent transaction as it creates a securities servicing and asset
management behemoth that can rival any bank or asset manager in the world."
Several ratings agencies affirmed or boosted their readings for the merging banks. Standard & Poor's Ratings
Services affirmed the ratings of both banks and said the outlook was stable; Fitch Ratings, affirmed the ratings of
both banks and assigned a "positive outlook" to them; Moody's Investors Service affirmed its ratings on Bank of
New York and put Mellon on review for "positive upgrade."
The announcement also said that Thomas Renyi, chairman and chief executive officer of Bank of New York,
would lead the merger integration team as the new institution's executive chairman for 18 months. Mellon's
chairman and chief executive, Robert P. Kelly, will be CEO of the merged bank and then replace Renyi when he
retires.
Renyi, 60, has been CEO of the New York bank since 1997 and chairman since 1998. Kelly, 52, who had been
the chief financial officer of Wachovia Corp. in Charlotte, N.C., took over at Mellon last February with the
retirement of longtime chief executive Martin G. McGuinn.
Page 16 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
The companies said they expected the combined company to cut costs by about $700 million a year and said the
deal will result in restructuring charges of about $1.3 billion.
Bank of New York's shareholders will receive 0.9434 shares in the new company for each share of Bank of New
York that they own, and Mellon shareholders will receive one share in the new company for each Mellon share
they own.
Bank of New York shareholders will get about 63 percent of the shares in the new company.
Charles Bralver, executive director of Mercer, Oliver Wyman financial services consultancy, noted that the
combination of the two banks will give them more heft in asset management and private banking, which could
improve its price-earnings ratio, which is a measure of how expensive the stock is relative to other shares.
Bralver also said the combined company would provide "more formidable competition" to companies such as
Boston-based State Street Corp., which is among the top providers of pensions processing and custodial
servicers, as well as banks that have big custody operations, including Citigroup Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co.
In Pittsburgh, government officials took heart that while the new company would be headquartered in New York, it
expects to leave major divisions such as cash management and stock transfer in Pittsburgh. Company officials
also said that the work force in the Pittsburgh area could grow.
"Early indications are that this could potentially add 1,000 or more jobs to the region. That makes it a little different
than some deals in the past," Mayor Luke Ravenstahl said, referring to other businesses that moved corporate
headquarters from the city.
In a presentation to analysts, executives said that once the deal is completed, the new company would be the
11th largest bank or brokerage in the United States by market capitalization and the largest custodial bank by the
same measure.
Kelly said the new company would take advantages of the different strengths of the two institutions.
"Mellon is huge in asset management and having a nice asset servicing ability as well," he said. "In contrast,
Bank of New York is huge on the asset servicing side and security servicing but smaller in asset management."
Still, Kelly said, "there will be expense synergies and opportunities for saving money going forward."
The board of directors will have 10 members designated by Bank of New York and eight members designated by
Mellon. Gerald L. Hassell, currently president of Bank of New York, will hold the same position in the new
company.
------
On the Net:
http://www.bankofny.com
http://www.mellon.com
7
image
Document APRS000020061205e2c50008e
Page 17 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Bank Of New York, Mellon Financial To Merge- (NYSE:BK)
Bank Of New York, Mellon Financial To Merge- (NYSE:BK)
1,802 words
4 December 2006
M2 Presswire
MTPW
English
(c) 2006 M2 Communications, Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
NEW YORK, WORLDTRADESTOCKS.COM - Bank of New York Company, Inc. and Mellon Financial
Corporation Agree to Merge, Creates the Global Leader in Securities Servicing and Asset Management
On Monday Bank of New York Co. Inc. (NYSE:BK), and Pittsburgh-based trust bank Mellon Financial Corp.
(NYSE:MEL), said that they have entered into a definitive merger deal that would create the world's largest
securities servicing and asset management firm. The transaction, which was unanimously approved by the Board
of Directors of both companies, is anticipated to be complete early in the third quarter of fiscal year 2007. The
deal involves restructuring charges of approximately $1.3 billion. The companies also intend to reduce headcount
by approximately 3,900 over a three-year period. The new company would be called The Bank of New York
Mellon Corp., headquartered in New York City.
As per the terms of the deal, Bank of New York's shareholders would receive 0.9434 shares in the new company
for each share of the Bank of New York that they own, while shareholders of Mellon would receive one share in
the new company for each Mellon share that they own. Both the companies have entered into mutual stock option
agreements for 19.9% of the issuer's outstanding common stock.
The new company would have $16.6 trillion in assets under custody and corporate trustee, with $8 trillion in
assets under trusteeship, ranking the company as the world's largest in both businesses. It would also rank
amongst the top ten global asset managers with more than $1.1 trillion in assets under management. The new
company would maintain a strong and growing presence in Pittsburgh. Further, the companies noted that Bank of
New York Mellon Corp. would become the eleventh largest U.S. financial institution with a combined pro forma
market capitalization of approximately $43 billion.
The companies said that Thomas Renyi, currently chairman and chief executive of Bank of New York, would
take over as executive chairman of Bank of New York Mellon Corp. for eighteen months, following the close of the
transaction and would be responsible for the overall integration of both the companies. Further, the companies
said that Robert Kelly, currently president and chief executive officer of Mellon, would serve as chief executive
officer of the new company and would succeed Renyi as chairman of the board. Gerald Hassell, currently
president of the Bank of New York, would hold the same position in the new company. Also, the new company's
board of directors would comprise of ten members designated by Bank of New York and eight members
designated by Mellon.
Commenting on the merger, Thomas Renyi chairman and CEO, Bank of New York said, "We are creating one of
the world's leading financial services growth companies. Both our companies focus their businesses in highly
attractive sectors of the financial services industry. Together, we will be the global leader in securities servicing,
and one of the top providers of asset and wealth management worldwide. Together, we will have the scale, the
technology, the capital, and the people we need to compete and win in the rapidly expanding global marketplace."
Robert Kelly, chairman and CEO, Mellon Financial said, "The merger creates an extraordinarily strong and rapidly
growing global competitor in our core businesses. Through this merger, we will be able to invest and expand
more effectively than any of our competitors due to our combined scale, profitability and global reach. The organic
growth of our respective companies is already strong, and the cost savings and revenue synergies opportunities
are excellent. Together, we will have the best service in the world, strong investment performance and the highest
fiduciary standards."
The combined company has annual revenues of more than $12 billion with approximately 28% derived from asset
servicing, 38% from issuer services, clearing services and treasury services, and 29% from asset management
and private wealth management. Almost a quarter of combined revenue would be derived internationally.
Page 18 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
The companies intend to reduce total pre-tax costs by approximately $700 million per year or approximately 8.5%
of the estimated 2006 combined expense base and said that the integration would be undertaken by a dedicated
and experienced group of senior executives over a three-year period following the close of the transaction. The
companies added that the transaction would involve restructuring charges of approximately $1.3 billion. Also, the
companies expect to reduce headcount by approximately 3,900 over a three-year period following the transaction,
from a combined employee base of 40 thousand.
Bank of New York was represented in the deal by the investment banking firm of Goldman Sachs and the law firm
of Sullivan & Cromwell, while the investment banking firms of UBS Investment Bank and Lazard, as well as the
law firms of Simpson Thacher and Bartlett LLP and Reed Smith LLP represented Mellon.
For the third quarter, Bank of New York reported an increase in third-quarter earnings on strong revenue growth.
Net income for the quarter was $352 million or $0.46 per share, including after-tax charges of $74 million or $0.10
per share for merger and integration costs. On an operating basis, excluding merger and integration costs, net
income for the quarter increased to $426 million or $0.56 per share from $389 million or $0.51 per share in the
previous-year quarter. Total revenue for the quarter increased to $1.83 billion from $1.74 billion in the year-ago
quarter.
Mellon reported an increase in third-quarter net income to $222 million or $0.54 per share from $194 million or
$0.47 per share in the prior-year quarter on the sale of its insurance premium financing business and growth in its
asset management operations. Quarterly revenues increased 13% to $1.29 billion from $1.16 billion a year ago.
On October 2, 2006 Bank of New York acquired JP Morgan Chase & Co.'s (NYSE:JPM) corporate trust business
in exchange for its retail and regional middle market banking businesses. The company had said that the swap
would enable it to exit branch banking, where it did not have an impressive performance, and focus on securities
servicing, asset management and private management.
Last month, brokerage Credit Suisse (NYSE:CS) downgraded Bank of New York shares to Neutral' from
Outperform' with a price target of $38. The analyst had said that most macro trends were sufficiently positive to
support his fourth quarter revenue forecast for the securities processing operations.
Among Bank of New York's peers, Citigroup (NYSE:C), said in October that it reached a definitive agreement to
acquire Grupo Financiero Uno, the credit card issuer in Central America and its affiliates, to expand the presence
of its Latin American consumer franchise and establishing a strong platform for regional growth in consumer
finance and retail banking.
About the Bank of New York
The Bank of New York Company, Inc. is a global leader in providing a comprehensive array of services that
enable institutions and individuals to move and manage their financial assets in more than 100 markets
worldwide. The Company has a long tradition of collaborating with clients to deliver innovative solutions through
its core competencies: securities servicing, treasury management, asset management, and private banking. The
Company's extensive global client base includes a broad range of leading financial institutions, corporations,
government entities, endowments and foundations. Its principal subsidiary, The Bank of New York, founded in
1784, is the oldest bank in the United States and has consistently played a prominent role in the evolution of
financial markets worldwide. The Company has $12.2 trillion in assets under custody and more than $179 billion
in assets under management. Additional information is available at http://www.bankofny.com .
About Mellon Bank
Mellon Financial Corporation is a global financial services company. Headquartered in Pittsburgh, Mellon is one
of the world's leading providers of financial services for institutions, corporations and high net worth individuals,
providing asset management, private wealth management, asset servicing, payment solutions and investor
services. Mellon has approximately $5.3 trillion in assets under management, administration or custody, including
$918 billion under management. News and other information about Mellon is available at http://www.mellon.com .
About WorldTradestocks.com
WorldTradestocks.com an infomation research company , provides stock market information , breaking wall street
news for day traders, nasdaq information and breaking stock news. http://www.worldtradestocks.com does not
recommend stocks and is for informational purposes only. We recommend that visitors using World Trade Stocks
consult with their financial advisors or financial brokers before investing.
Page 19 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
DISCLAIMER:worldtradestocks.com shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content,or for any action
taken in reliance thereon nor shall any of our third party infomation shall be held liable for any actions taken
thereon.. None of the information on this website shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any
security mentioned herein based on any news ,equity quote,or informational press release mentioned at
worldtradestock.com .Before investing consult with an investment proffesional or licensed financial broker .We are
not associated with the Securities Exchange Commision(SEC)National Association of Securities Dealers NASD, a
registered Brokerage Company, or any of the foreign or domestic Stock Exchanges. Worldtradestocks.com
Copyright 2006 . This site does not recommned or advise any persons or person to invest and is for informational
purposes only. Consult with your financial advisor before investing
This release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and Section 21E the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and such forward-looking
statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. "Forward-looking statements" describe future expectations, plans, results, or strategies and are generally
preceded by words such as "may", "future", "plan" or "planned", "will" or "should", "expected," "anticipates",
"draft", "eventually" or "projected". You are cautioned that such statements are subject to a multitude of risks and
uncertainties that could cause future circumstances, events, or results to differ materially from those projected in
the forward-looking statements, including the risks that actual results may differ materially from those projected in
the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, and other risks identified in a companies' annual
report on Form 10-K or 10-KSB and other filings made by such company with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.
M2 Communications Ltd disclaims all liability for information provided within M2 PressWIRE. Data prepared by
named party/parties. Further information on M2 PressWIRE can be obtained at http://www.presswire.net on the
world wide web. Inquiries to info@m2.com.
Document MTPW000020061204e2c4004xu
Page 20 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
RPT-Bank of New York, Mellon to merge
RPT-Bank of New York, Mellon to merge
158 words
4 December 2006
06:36
Reuters News
LBA
English
(c) 2006 Reuters Limited
(Repeats to additional subscribers)
NEW YORK, Dec 4 (Reuters) - Bank of New York Co. Inc. and Mellon Financial Corp. said on Monday they
planned to merge to create the world's largest securities servicing and asset management firm.
Bank of New York stockholders will get 0.9434 shares in the new company for of their shares, and Mellon
stockholders will get one share in the new company for each of their shares.
Bank of New York Chairman and Chief Executive Thomas Renyi will be executive chairman for 18 months
following the close of the transaction, with overall responsibility for the integration of the two companies.
Mellon's CEO Robert Kelly will be chief executive of the new company and will succeed Renyi as chairman of the
board.
The companies expect to complete the deal early in the third quarter of 2007.
BANKOFNY-MELLON/ (URGENT)|LANGEN|ABN|M
Document LBA0000020061204e2c4000zq
Page 21 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
UPDATE 8-Bank of New York to buy Mellon for $16.5 bln
UPDATE 8-Bank of New York to buy Mellon for $16.5 bln
By Jonathan Stempel
846 words
4 December 2006
06:17
Reuters News
LBA
English
(c) 2006 Reuters Limited
(Adds job cut details, closing prices)
NEW YORK, Dec 4 (Reuters) - Bank of New York Co. said on Monday it would buy Mellon Financial Corp. for
$16.5 billion, combining two storied names in American finance to create a powerhouse in custody services for
institutional investors and one of the biggest asset managers.
The combined company, to be called Bank of New York Mellon Corp., will rank first worldwide with $16.6 trillion of
assets under administration, surpassing JPMorgan Chase & Co. . It will rank 10th in asset management and 9th
in wealth management, overseeing more than $1.1 trillion of assets.
About 3,900 of a combined 40,000 jobs will be shed over three years to help save $700 million, or 8.5 percent of
costs, by 2010, the companies said. Restructuring charges will total $805 million after taxes, they said, and
combined annual revenue is about $12.5 billion.
"It is a complementary combination that, with strong leadership, could produce above-average earnings growth,"
said Gerard Cassidy, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets in Portland, Maine, who rates both companies "neutral."
Mellon shares closed up $2.73, or 6.8 percent, at $42.78, while Bank of New York soared $4.27, or 12 percent, to
$39.75.
Bank of New York shareholders will own 63 percent of the new company. They will get 0.9434 of a share, and
Mellon shareholders will get one share for each of their shares. Bank of New York will designate 10 directors,
while Mellon will designate eight. A closing is expected around July 1, 2007.
The new company will be based in New York, but keep cash management and stock transfer units in Pittsburgh,
where Mellon is based. It will generate about 29 percent of revenue from asset and private wealth management,
28 percent from asset servicing, 20 percent from treasury and clearing services and 18 percent from issuer
services.
Founded in 1869, Mellon helped finance the growth of the U.S. steel industry. Andrew Mellon, the financier and
philanthropist, took over in 1882 when his father Thomas retired, and later served as U.S. Treasury Secretary.
Bank of New York was founded in 1784 by Alexander Hamilton, later the first Treasury Secretary of the United
States.
"TRANSFORMATIONAL"
Robert Kelly, 52, Mellon's chief executive since February, will become chief executive at the new company. Bank
of New York Chief Executive Thomas Renyi, 60, will become executive chairman for 18 months after the closing
and then retire.
Renyi will oversee the integration. He called the transaction a "transformational merger," amid a push among
many financial services companies to add scale and cut costs.
Both companies have over time shed banking operations in favor of fee-based businesses. Mellon's units include
the Dreyfus mutual funds.
Page 22 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
"Their businesses tend to be scale businesses (that) benefit from size," said Richard Bove, an analyst at Punk
Ziegel & Co.
Bank of New York expects the merger to reduce earnings in 2007 and add to them in 2008, while Mellon expects
a boost in 2007. The companies expect a 19 percent internal rate of return.
In 1998, Mellon rebuffed an unsolicited $24 billion takeover bid by Bank of New York, which Renyi led at the time.
Renyi said he approached Kelly in late September after the latter expressed interest in buying an asset manager.
Last December, Mellon shareholder Highfields Capital Management LP called on the company to split up.
PITTSBURGH
In memoranda to their respective companies' employees, Renyi and Kelly said job cuts would be made through
attrition where possible, and that "it is too early to determine exactly where the impact will be felt."
Kelly said he called Pittsburgh Mayor Luke Ravenstahl, Pennsylvania Governor Edward Rendell and other
government leaders to discuss the impact on Pittsburgh.
He said Mellon plans to add 1,000 to 2,000 jobs in the city within three to five years. "Because of Mellon's
historical importance, we unilaterally understood the advantages to a Pittsburgh location," including lower labor
costs, he said.
A spokesman for the mayor said "early indications are that perhaps this is a very good thing for the city."
Shares of securities servicing rivals Northern Trust Corp. and State Street Corp. rose on hopes that both might
gain market share. "Mergers of competitors often come with ripe opportunities to win business away," wrote Banc
of America Securities analyst Kenneth Usdin.
Bank of New York in October swapped its 339-branch banking network for JPMorgan's corporate trust business.
"Bank of New York will be undergoing two major integrations at one time," Cassidy said.
Goldman Sachs and the law firm Sullivan & Cromwell LLP advised Bank of New York. UBS, Lazard and the law
firms Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP and Reed Smith LLP advised Mellon. (Additional reporting by Megan
Davies, Joan Gralla, Svea Herbst-Bayliss and Christopher Kaufman)
BANKOFNY-MELLON/ (UPDATE 8)|LANGEN|ABN|E|U|RBN|D|MNI|M|RNP|DNP
Document LBA0000020061204e2c4000yu
Page 23 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
LEAD: Bank of New York to buy Mellon Financial Corp. for $16.5 billion
LEAD: Bank of New York to buy Mellon Financial Corp. for $16.5 billion
Kyodo
370 words
4 December 2006
13:09
Kyodo News
KYODO
English
(c) 2006 Kyodo News
NEW YORK, Dec. 4 -- Bank of New York Co. plans to acquire Mellon Financial Corp. for $16.5 billion in a stock
deal that will create the largest securities servicing and asset management firm globally.
The new company, Bank of New York Mellon Corp., will be the world's leading asset servicer with $16.6 trillion in
assets under custody and corporate trustee with $8 trillion in assets under trusteeship, the two companies said in
a press release Monday.
It will rank among the top 10 global asset managers with more than $1.1 trillion in assets under management,
they said.
Thomas Renyi, chairman and chief executive of Bank of New York, will serve as executive chairman of Bank of
New York Mellon Corp. for 18 months following the close of the transaction with overall responsibility for the
integration of the two companies.
Robert Kelly, president, chairman and chief executive officer of Mellon, will serve as chief executive officer of the
new company and will succeed Renyi as chairman of the board.
Under the terms of the agreement, Bank of New York's shareholders will receive 0.9434 share in the new
company for each share of Bank of New York that they own and Mellon shareholders will receive one share in the
new company for each Mellon share they own.
The transactions has been unanimously approved by each company's board of directors and is expected to be
completed early in the third quarter of next year, subject to regulatory and shareholder approvals, the two
companies said.
Bank of New York Mellon Corp. would become the 11th largest U.S. financial institution.
Renyi said in a statement, ''Together, we will have the scale, the technology, the capital, and the people we need
to compete and win in the rapidly expanding global marketplace.''
''Through this merger, we will be able to invest and expand more effectively than any of our competitors due to
our combined scale, profitability and global reach. The organic growth of our respective companies is already
strong, and the cost savings and revenue synergies opportunities are excellent,'' he said.
==Kyodo
Document KYODO00020061204e2c40083q
Page 24 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Bank of New York to merge with Mellon Financial Corp.
Bank of New York to merge with Mellon Financial Corp.
Kyodo
359 words
4 December 2006
10:21
Kyodo News
KYODO
English
(c) 2006 Kyodo News
NEW YORK, Dec. 4 -- Bank of New York Co. and Mellon Financial Corp. said Monday they have agree to merge
in a deal that will create the largest securities servicing and asset management firm globally.
The new company, Bank of New York Mellon Corp., will be the world's leading asset servicer with $16.6 trillion in
assets under custody and corporate trustee with $8 trillion in assets under trusteeship.
It will rank among the top 10 global asset managers with more than $1.1 trillion in assets under management, a
press release said.
Thomas Renyi, chairman and chief executive of Bank of New York, will serve as executive chairman of Bank of
New York Mellon Corp. for 18 months following the close of the transaction with overall responsibility for the
integration of the two companies.
Robert Kelly, president, chairman and chief executive officer of Mellon, will serve as chief executive officer of the
new company and will succeed Renyi as chairman of the board.
Under the terms of the agreement, Bank of New York's shareholders will receive 0.9434 share in the new
company for each share of Bank of New York that they own and Mellon shareholders will receive one share in the
new company for each Mellon share they own.
The transactions has been unanimously approved by each company's board of directors and is expected to be
completed early in the third quarter of next year, subject to regulatory and shareholder approvals, the two
companies said.
Bank of New York Mellon Corp. would become the 11th largest U.S. financial institution.
Renyi said in a statement, ''Together, we will have the scale, the technology, the capital, and the people we need
to compete and win in the rapidly expanding global marketplace.''
''Through this merger, we will be able to invest and expand more effectively than any of our competitors due to
our combined scale, profitability and global reach. The organic growth of our respective companies is already
strong, and the cost savings and revenue synergies opportunities are excellent,'' he said.
==Kyodo
Document KYODO00020061204e2c40076e
Page 25 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
FT.com site : Mellon and Bank of NY to merge.
FT.com site : Mellon and Bank of NY to merge.
Reuters
144 words
4 December 2006
Financial Times (FT.Com)
FTCOM
English
(c) 2006 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved
Bank of New York Co. Inc. and Mellon Financial Corp. said on Monday they planned to merge to create the
world's largest securities servicing and asset management firm.
Bank of New York stockholders will get 0.9434 shares in the new company for of their shares, and Mellon
stockholders will get one share in the new company for each of their shares.
Bank of New York Chairman and Chief Executive Thomas Renyi will be executive chairman for 18 months
following the close of the transaction, with overall responsibility for the integration of the two companies.
Mellon's CEO Robert Kelly will be chief executive of the new company and will succeed Renyi as chairman of the
board. The companies expect to complete the deal early in the third quarter of 2007.
53100848
Document FTCOM00020061205e2c40000v
Page 26 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
UPDATE: Street Darling Kelly To Lead Combined Mellon-BoNY
UPDATE: Street Darling Kelly To Lead Combined Mellon-BoNY
676 words
4 December 2006
18:47
Dow Jones Business News
DJON
English
(c) 2006 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.
By John Spence
BOSTON (Dow Jones) -- Robert Kelly, the executive selected to lead the new financial-services powerhouse to
be created by the merger of Bank of New York Co. and Mellon Financial Corp., brings to the job a solid reputation
for integrating big acquisitions and articulating strategy to Wall Street and investors.
The 52-year-old Mellon (MEL) CEO has been tapped to run what would be the world's largest global custodian
with $16.6 trillion, and also a top-five U.S. asset manager at over $1.1 trillion.
Bank of New York (BK) CEO Thomas Renyi has been tapped to serve as executive chairman of the combined
company for about a year and a half after the transaction closes.
Kelly, who became Mellon's CEO in February, succeeding Martin McGuinn, was previously chief financial officer
at Wachovia Corp. (WB) , where he was known as a skilled communicator who did some of the heavy lifting in the
integration of several businesses acquired through deals.
Before that, he worked for 19 years at Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) , according to his Mellon biography.
Kelly was involved with Wachovia's merger with bank First Union Corp., the combination of its retail brokerage
arm with Prudential Financial Inc.'s (PRU) , and the acquisition of SouthTrust Corp.
"Robert Kelly is well-respected and an accomplished deal maker," said Jeffrey Ptak, an analyst at investment
researcher Morningstar Inc., in an interview Monday.
"Wachovia did a good job folding the businesses they bought into the company, and that's been a key to their
success and a feather in Kelly's cap," he added.
The selection of Kelly as CEO "allows the new company to have a young committed leader who is capable of
taking advantage of the benefits that the new company has," wrote Punk Ziegel's Dick Bove in an analyst note.
Kelly is also lauded by analysts for clearly conveying strategy and following up with successful execution. Mellon's
stock was up about 17% so far in 2006 through Friday's close.
"He lays out the plan and says exactly what will happen on a play-by-play basis," said Jackie Reeves, an analyst
at Ryan Beck & Co. "He articulates who will be doing what in terms of making it happen and has delivered, and
that's brought him tremendous credibility with Wall Street and shareholders."
'Straight shooter'
Kelly was unavailable Monday for an interview, but he did address the media in a morning conference call, saying
he was "honored" to lead the new company, which is to be known as Bank of New York Mellon Corp.
The CEO said securities servicing and asset management are highly complementary businesses poised to grow
on continuing globalization. Mellon owns the Dreyfus mutual-fund family.
"There are enormous revenue synergies, and the expense savings are material but realistic," Kelly said during the
call. "There are tremendous opportunities offshore."
Within the asset-management business, he said that the U.S. is "competitive" but that Europe is "just starting" and
should see solid growth over the next five years, "and Asia for who knows for how long after that."
Page 27 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Yet Kelly acknowledged that in the short term, a major challenge will be to not to lose any customers during the
integration period, and to avoid disruptions.
"You don't lose customers if you don't do anything bad to them," he said. "We did build into our model some
attrition, but we'll hate it if we lose any customers."
Observers say Kelly, who speaks with a slight Canadian accent, has a no-nonsense, accessible management
style.
"He's from Eastern Canada, which is sort of like the Midwest of the U.S.," said Gerard Cassidy, lead banking
analyst at RBC Capital Markets.
"He has a self-deprecating style and is very approachable," Cassidy noted. "He's a straight shooter who tells you
how it is, and he doesn't beat around the bush, even with bad news." [ 12-04-06 1847ET ]
Document DJON000020061204e2c40008v
Page 28 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
2ND UPDATE: Bank Of New York To Buy Mellon, Create $43 Bln Custody Giant
2ND UPDATE: Bank Of New York To Buy Mellon, Create $43 Bln Custody Giant
537 words
4 December 2006
07:14
Dow Jones Business News
DJON
English
(c) 2006 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.
By Simon Kennedy
LONDON (Dow Jones) -- The Bank of New York said Monday it agreed to buy Mellon Financial Corp. in a deal
that will create a $43 billion giant ranked as the world's largest custodian of financial assets and a top ten asset
management firm.
Under terms of the deal, Bank of New York (BK) shareholders will receive 0.9434 shares in a new company Bank
of New York Mellon Corp. for every share they own.
Mellon (MEL) shareholders will swap their shares on a one-for-one basis.
The combined company will be the world's biggest asset custodian and corporate trustee with $16.6 trillion in
assets under custody and $8 billion in assets under trusteeship. It will also be a top ten global asset manager with
$1.1 trillion of assets under management.
It will also rank as the 11th largest financial institution in the U.S.
Overall responsibility for the merger will rest on the shoulders of Thomas Renyi, currently chairman and chief
executive of Bank of New York.
Renyi, will serve as executive chairman of the combine group for 18 months following the close of the transaction.
The companies said the deal will allow the combined group to invest and expand more rapidly than its
competitors, and added they have identified "excellent" cost savings and revenue synergy opportunities.
The firms said they expect to reduce total pre-tax costs by around $700 million a year, equivalent to roughly 8.5%
of the estimated combined expense base in 2006. They will cut 3,900 of its 40,000 combined jobs within three
years.
"Both our companies focus their businesses in highly attractive sectors of the financial services industry," said
Renyi.
"Together, we will have the scale, the technology, the capital, and the people we need to compete and win in the
rapidly expanding global marketplace," he added.
The deal is expected to complete early in the third quarter of 2007 and will result in restructuring charges of
around $1.3 billion.
Assuming the planned cost savings are achieved, Bank of New York said the deal would reduce operating
earnings by around 1% in 2007 and boost earnings by around 1.4% in 2008.
For Mellon the deal will boost operating earnings by around 1% in 2007 and 5.7% in 2008.
Mellon CEO Robert Kelly will become chief executive of the new company and will succeed Renyi as chairman of
the board. Bank of New York President Gerald Hassell will hold the same position in the new company.
The merged company will be headquartered in New York with an 18-strong board of directors, comprised of 10
members designated by The Bank of New York and eight members designated by Mellon.
Page 29 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Kelly said the company would continue to have a strong presence in Pittsburgh, Pa., where Mellon is
headquartered, and added the city will be home to several business divisions as well as a center for technology
and administration.
Bank of New York shares closed down 0.2% at $35.48 on Friday. Mellon Financial shares closed down 0.4% at
$40.05. [ 12-04-06 0714ET ]
Document DJON000020061204e2c40008e
Page 30 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Kelly Brings Integration Experience To Mellon-BoNY
Kelly Brings Integration Experience To Mellon-BoNY
681 words
4 December 2006
14:53
Dow Jones News Service
DJ
English
(c) 2006 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.
By John Spence
Robert Kelly, the executive selected to lead the new financial-services powerhouse to be created by the merger of
Bank of New York Co. (BK) and Mellon Financial Corp. (MEL), brings to the job a solid reputation for integrating
big acquisitions and articulating strategy to Wall Street and investors.
The 52-year-old Mellon chief executive has been tapped to run what would be the world's largest global custodian
of financial assets with $16.6 trillion, and also a top-five U.S. asset manager at over $1.1 trillion.
Bank of New York CEO Thomas Renyi has been tapped to serve as executive chairman of the combined
company for about a year and a half after the transaction closes.
Kelly, who became Mellon's CEO in February, succeeding Martin McGuinn, was previously chief financial officer
at Wachovia Corp. (WB), where he was known as a skilled communicator who did some of the heavy lifting in the
integration of several businesses acquired through deals.
Before that, he worked for 19 years at Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD), according to his Mellon biography.
Kelly was involved with Wachovia's merger with bank First Union Corp., the combination of its retail brokerage
arm with Prudential Financial Inc.'s (PRU), and the acquisition of SouthTrust Corp.
"Robert Kelly is well-respected and an accomplished deal maker," said Jeffrey Ptak, an analyst at investment
researcher Morningstar Inc.
"Wachovia did a good job folding the businesses they bought into the company, and that's been a key to their
success and a feather in Kelly's cap," he added.
The selection of Kelly as CEO "allows the new company to have a young, committed leader who is capable of
taking advantage of the benefits that the new company has," wrote Punk Ziegel's Dick Bove in an analyst note.
Kelly is also lauded by analysts for clearly conveying strategy and following up with successful execution. Mellon's
stock was up about 17% so far in 2006 through Friday's close.
"He lays out the plan and says exactly what will happen on a play-by-play basis," said Jackie Reeves, an analyst
at Ryan Beck & Co. "He articulates who will be doing what in terms of making it happen and has delivered, and
that's brought him tremendous credibility with Wall Street and shareholders."
A 'Straight Shooter'
Kelly was unavailable Monday for an interview, but he did address the media in a morning conference call, saying
he was honored to lead the new company, which is to be known as Bank of New York Mellon Corp.
The CEO said securities servicing and asset management are highly complementary businesses poised to grow
on continuing globalization. Mellon owns the Dreyfus mutual fund family.
Page 31 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
"There are enormous revenue synergies, and the expense savings are material but realistic," Kelly said during the
call. "There are tremendous opportunities offshore."
Within the asset-management business, he said that the U.S. is "competitive," but that Europe is "just starting"
and should see solid growth over the next five years, "and Asia for who knows for how long after that."
Yet Kelly acknowledged that in the short term, a major challenge will be to not lose any customers during the
integration period, and to avoid disruptions.
"You don't lose customers if you don't do anything bad to them," he said. "We did build into our model some
attrition, but we'll hate it if we lose any customers."
Observers say Kelly, who speaks with a slight Canadian accent, has a no-nonsense, accessible management
style.
"He's from Eastern Canada, which is sort of like the Midwest of the U.S.," said Gerard Cassidy, lead banking
analyst at RBC Capital Markets.
"He has a self-deprecating style and is very approachable," Cassidy added. "He's a straight shooter who tells you
how it is, and he doesn't beat around the bush, even with bad news."
-By John Spence; 415-439-6400; AskNewswires@dowjones.com [ 12-04-06 1453ET ]
Document DJ00000020061204e2c4000np
Page 32 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Fitch Affirms Bank of New York & Mellon Financial on Merger Announcement; Outlook to Positive
Fitch Affirms Bank of New York & Mellon Financial on Merger Announcement; Outlook to Positive
923 words
4 December 2006
09:51
Business Wire
BWR
English
(c) 2006 Business Wire. All Rights Reserved.
CHICAGO - (BUSINESS WIRE) - Fitch has affirmed all ratings of The Bank of New York Company, Inc.
(NYSE:BK) and Mellon Financial Corporation (NYSE:MEL) and has assigned a Positive Outlook to the ratings of
both companies. Beyond setting the Support rating at '2' for the combined operating companies, Fitch does not
expect any other rating changes immediately after the close of the merger. These rating actions follow today's
announcement that the two companies intend to merge. A complete list of ratings follows at the end of this
release.
The transaction, when consummated, will make the combined company a dominant global securities servicing
and asset management franchise. The combined company, to be named The Bank of New York Mellon
Corporation, will be the largest global custodian by a considerable margin, with over $16 trillion of administered
assets. It will also add MEL's extensive asset management and wealth management businesses to BK's
corporate trust, depositary receipt correspondent clearing and government bond clearance activities. This
combination of businesses will endow the new company with an extremely diverse business mix and leading
positions in most businesses. Fitch believes that, over the long-term, there are substantial revenue synergy
opportunities, particularly from cross-selling potential among the various business lines.
The management team of the two companies will be integrated, with MEL's CEO Robert Kelly serving as the CEO
of the combined company and BK's CEO Thomas Renyi serving as Executive Chairman until his retirement in
the latter half of 2008. The Board will have a substantial number of directors from both companies. Business lines
will also be headed by executives from both companies, with the largest unit, asset servicing, having co-heads.
The transaction, which is expected to close in about six months, will be modestly dilutive to BK's stated earnings
in 2007 but accretive thereafter. It will be immediately accretive to MEL's earnings. Cost savings are expected to
be $700 million, or about 8% of combined expenses, and should be realized over three years. There will be
restructuring charges of $1.3 billion, also to be recognized over three years. Management projects Tangible
Common Equity to be approximately 4.2% at closing but will be rebuilt to a target level of 5% by 2Q08.
Fitch views merger integration, encompassing both system and cultural issues, as the primary challenge facing
the combined company. Fitch believes, however, that the commanding franchise and strong earnings potential of
the combined company could result in higher ratings after the merger is fully integrated; that is, over the next
twelve to twenty-four months. Accordingly, Fitch has revised the Rating Outlook of both companies to Positive.
Ratings Affirmed, Rating Outlook Positive:
Bank of New York Company, Inc.
--Long-term Issuer default rating (IDR) 'AA-';
--Long-term senior 'AA-';
--Long-term subordinated 'A+'.
The Bank of New York
--Long-term deposits 'AA';
--Long-term IDR 'AA-';
--Long-term senior 'AA-'.
Page 33 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Bank of New York (Delaware)
Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A.
--Long-term deposits 'AA';
--Long-term IDR 'AA-'.
Bank of New York Europe
--Long-term IDR 'AA-'.
BNY Capital I
BNY Capital IV
BNY Capital V
BNY Institutional Capital Trust A
--Trust Preferred Securities 'A+'.
Mellon Financial Corporation
--Long-term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) 'AA-';
--Long-term subordinated debt 'A+';
--Long-term senior 'AA-'.
Mellon Funding Corporation
--Long-term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) 'AA-';
--Long-term senior 'AA-';
--Long-term subordinated debt 'A+'.
Mellon Bank N.A.
--Long-term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) 'AA-';
--Long-term deposits 'AA';
--Long term senior debt 'AA-';
--Long-term subordinated debt 'A+'.
Mellon Trust of New England, N.A.
Mellon United National Bank
Mellon First Business Bank N.A.
--Long-term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) 'AA-';
--Long-term deposits 'AA'.
Mellon Capital I
Mellon Capital II
Mellon Capital III
--Trust preferred securities 'A+'.
Ratings Affirmed
Page 34 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Bank of New York Company, Inc.
--Short-term issuer 'F1+';
--Short-term debt 'F1+';
--Individual 'A/B'
--Support '5'.
The Bank of New York
--Short-term deposits 'F1+';
--Short-term issuer 'F1+';
--Individual 'A/B';
--Support '2'.
Bank of New York (Delaware)
Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A.
--Short-term deposits 'F1+';
--Short-term issuer 'F1+';
--Individual 'A/B';
--Support '2'.
Bank of New York Europe
--Short-term issuer 'F1+';
--Support '1'.
Mellon Financial Corporation
--Short-term issuer 'F1+';
--Individual 'A/B';
--Support '5'.
Mellon Funding Corporation
--Short-term issuer 'F1+';
--Short-term debt 'F1+';
--Individual 'A/B';
--Support '5'.
Mellon Bank N.A.
--Short-term issuer 'F1+';
--Short-term deposits 'F1+';
--Individual 'A/B';
--Support '3'.
Mellon Trust of New England, N.A.
Page 35 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Mellon United National Bank
Mellon First Business Bank N.A.
--Short-term issuer 'F1+';
--Short-term deposits 'F1+';
--Individual 'A/B';
--Support '3'.
Fitch's rating definitions and the terms of use of such ratings are available on the agency's public site,
www.fitchratings.com . Published ratings, criteria and methodologies are available from this site, at all times.
Fitch's code of conduct, confidentiality, conflicts of interest, affiliate firewall, compliance and other relevant policies
and procedures are also available from the 'Code of Conduct' section of this site.
Document BWR0000020061204e2c4004po
Page 36 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Bank of New York to buy Mellon Financial for $16.5 billion
Bank of New York to buy Mellon Financial for $16.5 billion
By EILEEN ALT POWELL
AP Business Writer
969 words
4 December 2006
14:22
Associated Press Newswires
APRS
English
(c) 2006. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.
NEW YORK (AP) - Bank of New York Co. has agreed to take over Pittsburgh-based Mellon Financial Corp. in a
$16.5 billion all-stock deal that will create the world's largest securities servicing company and one of the biggest
asset managers.
The merger, which is expected to be completed by the middle of next year, combines two financial institutions that
are deeply steeped in American history. New York-based Bank of New York was founded in 1784 by Alexander
Hamilton, who went on to become the first secretary of the U.S. Treasury. Mellon Financial, meanwhile, has been
around since its 1869 founding by the Mellon family of financiers and philanthropists.
The new company -- which will preserve links to that heritage by calling itself the Bank of New York Mellon Corp.
-- will be the world's leading asset servicer with $16.6 trillion in assets under custody.
It also will rank among the top 10 global asset managers with more than $1.1 trillion in assets under
management.
But the companies also said in announcing the deal on Monday that they expect it will result in the elimination of
about 3,900 jobs, or nearly 10 percent of their combined work force of about 40,000. They said reductions would
be made through normal attrition "wherever possible."
The deal has been approved by each company's board of directors, but requires approval by regulators and
shareholders.
Investors appeared to signal support on Monday by sending shares in Bank of New York shares up $4.11, or
nearly 12 percent, to $39.59 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange. Mellon shares rose $2.52, or
6 percent, to $42.57 on the NYSE.
Analyst David A. George with A.G. Edwards & Sons Inc. in St. Louis upgraded Mellon Financial to "buy" from
"hold," saying "from our perspective, this is an excellent transaction as it creates a securities servicing and asset
management behemoth that can rival any bank or asset manager in the world."
Several ratings agencies affirmed or boosted their readings for the merging banks. Standard & Poor's Ratings
Services affirmed the ratings of both banks and said the outlook was stable; Fitch Ratings, affirmed the ratings of
both banks and assigned a "positive outlook" to them; Moody's Investors Service affirmed its ratings on Bank of
New York and put Mellon on review for "positive upgrade."
The announcement also said that Thomas Renyi, chairman and chief executive officer of Bank of New York,
would lead the merger integration team as the new institution's executive chairman for 18 months. Mellon's
chairman and chief executive, Robert P. Kelly, will be CEO of the merged bank and then replace Renyi when he
retires.
Renyi, 60, has been CEO of the New York bank since 1997 and chairman since 1998. Kelly, 52, who had been
the chief financial officer of Wachovia Corp. in Charlotte, N.C., took over at Mellon last February with the
retirement of longtime chief executive Martin G. McGuinn.
The companies said they expected the combined company to cut costs by about $700 million a year and said the
deal will result in restructuring charges of about $1.3 billion.
Page 37 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Bank of New York's shareholders will receive 0.9434 shares in the new company for each share of Bank of New
York that they own, and Mellon shareholders will receive one share in the new company for each Mellon share
they own.
That means Bank of New York shareholders would get about 63 percent of the shares in the new company.
Charles Bralver, executive director of Mercer, Oliver Wyman financial services consultancy, noted that the
combination of the two banks will give them more heft in asset management and private banking, which could
improve its price-earnings ratio, which is a measure of how expensive the stock is relative to other shares.
Bralver also said the combined company would provide "more formidable competition" to companies such as
Boston-based State Street Corp., which is among the top providers of pensions processing and custodial
servicers, as well as banks that have big custody operations, including Citigroup Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co.
In Pittsburgh, government officials took heart that while the new company would be headquartered in New York, it
expects to leave major divisions such as cash management and stock transfer in Pittsburgh. Company officials
also said that the work force in the Pittsburgh area could grow.
"Early indications are that this could potentially add 1,000 or more jobs to the region. That makes it a little different
than some deals in the past," Mayor Luke Ravenstahl said, referring to other businesses that moved corporate
headquarters from the city.
In a presentation to analysts, executives said that once the deal is completed, the new company would be the
11th largest bank or brokerage in the United States by market capitalization and the largest custodial bank by the
same measure.
Kelly said the new company would take advantages of the different strengths of the two institutions.
"Mellon is huge in asset management and having a nice asset servicing ability as well," he said. "In contrast,
Bank of New York is huge on the asset servicing side and security servicing but smaller in asset management."
Still, Kelly said, "there will be expense synergies and opportunities for saving money going forward."
The board of directors will have 10 members designated by Bank of New York and eight members designated by
Mellon. Gerald L. Hassell, currently president of Bank of New York, will hold the same position in the new
company.
------
On the Net:
http://www.bankofny.com
http://www.mellon.com
7
image
Document APRS000020061204e2c4001pm
Page 38 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Bank of New York to buy Mellon Financial for $17.6 billion
Bank of New York to buy Mellon Financial for $17.6 billion
By EILEEN ALT POWELL
AP Business Writer
999 words
4 December 2006
17:25
Associated Press Newswires
APRS
English
(c) 2006. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.
NEW YORK (AP) - Bank of New York Co. has agreed to take over Mellon Financial Corp. for stock valued at
$17.6 billion in a deal that will create the world's largest securities servicing company and one of the biggest asset
managers.
The combination, which is expected to be completed by the middle of next year, combines two financial
institutions that are deeply steeped in American history. New York-based Bank of New York was founded in 1784
by Alexander Hamilton, who went on to become the first secretary of the U.S. Treasury. Mellon Financial,
meanwhile, has been around since its 1869 founding by the Mellon family of financiers and philanthropists.
The new company -- which will preserve links to that heritage by calling itself the Bank of New York Mellon Corp.
-- will be the world's leading asset servicer with $16.6 trillion in assets under custody.
It also will rank among the top 10 global asset managers with more than $1.1 trillion in assets under
management.
But the companies also said in announcing the deal on Monday that they expect it will result in the elimination of
about 3,900 jobs, or nearly 10 percent of their combined work force of about 40,000. They said reductions would
be made through normal attrition "wherever possible."
The deal has been approved by each company's board of directors, but requires approval by regulators and
shareholders.
Investors appeared to signal support on Monday by sending shares in Bank of New York shares up $4.27, or 12
percent, to close at $39.75 on the New York Stock Exchange. Shares in Pittsburgh-based Mellon rose $2.73, or
6.8 percent, to close at $42.78 on the NYSE.
The rise in Mellon's price boosted the value of the deal to $17.6 billion from the $16.5 billion price at Friday's
closing share price.
Analyst David A. George with A.G. Edwards & Sons Inc. in St. Louis upgraded Mellon Financial to "buy" from
"hold," saying "from our perspective, this is an excellent transaction as it creates a securities servicing and asset
management behemoth that can rival any bank or asset manager in the world."
Several ratings agencies affirmed or boosted their readings for the merging banks. Standard & Poor's Ratings
Services affirmed the ratings of both banks and said the outlook was stable; Fitch Ratings, affirmed the ratings of
both banks and assigned a "positive outlook" to them; Moody's Investors Service affirmed its ratings on Bank of
New York and put Mellon on review for "positive upgrade."
The announcement also said that Thomas Renyi, chairman and chief executive officer of Bank of New York,
would lead the merger integration team as the new institution's executive chairman for 18 months. Mellon's
chairman and chief executive, Robert P. Kelly, will be CEO of the merged bank and then replace Renyi when he
retires.
Renyi, 60, has been CEO of the New York bank since 1997 and chairman since 1998. Kelly, 52, who had been
the chief financial officer of Wachovia Corp. in Charlotte, N.C., took over at Mellon last February with the
retirement of longtime chief executive Martin G. McGuinn.
Page 39 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
The companies said they expected the combined company to cut costs by about $700 million a year and said the
deal will result in restructuring charges of about $1.3 billion.
Bank of New York's shareholders will receive 0.9434 shares in the new company for each share of Bank of New
York that they own, and Mellon shareholders will receive one share in the new company for each Mellon share
they own.
Bank of New York shareholders will get about 63 percent of the shares in the new company.
Charles Bralver, executive director of Mercer, Oliver Wyman financial services consultancy, noted that the
combination of the two banks will give them more heft in asset management and private banking, which could
improve its price-earnings ratio, which is a measure of how expensive the stock is relative to other shares.
Bralver also said the combined company would provide "more formidable competition" to companies such as
Boston-based State Street Corp., which is among the top providers of pensions processing and custodial
servicers, as well as banks that have big custody operations, including Citigroup Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co.
In Pittsburgh, government officials took heart that while the new company would be headquartered in New York, it
expects to leave major divisions such as cash management and stock transfer in Pittsburgh. Company officials
also said that the work force in the Pittsburgh area could grow.
"Early indications are that this could potentially add 1,000 or more jobs to the region. That makes it a little different
than some deals in the past," Mayor Luke Ravenstahl said, referring to other businesses that moved corporate
headquarters from the city.
In a presentation to analysts, executives said that once the deal is completed, the new company would be the
11th largest bank or brokerage in the United States by market capitalization and the largest custodial bank by the
same measure.
Kelly said the new company would take advantages of the different strengths of the two institutions.
"Mellon is huge in asset management and having a nice asset servicing ability as well," he said. "In contrast,
Bank of New York is huge on the asset servicing side and security servicing but smaller in asset management."
Still, Kelly said, "there will be expense synergies and opportunities for saving money going forward."
The board of directors will have 10 members designated by Bank of New York and eight members designated by
Mellon. Gerald L. Hassell, currently president of Bank of New York, will hold the same position in the new
company.
------
On the Net:
http://www.bankofny.com
http://www.mellon.com
7
image
Document APRS000020061204e2c4001ld
Page 40 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Bank of New York, Mellon to merge, combined co valued at 43 bln usd UPDATE
Bank of New York, Mellon to merge, combined co valued at 43 bln usd UPDATE
447 words
4 December 2006
AFX Asia
AFXASI
English
(c) 2006, AFX Asia. All rights reserved.
(Adds appointments, company comments)
NEW YORK (AFX) - The Bank of New York Co Inc and Mellon Financial Corp said they agreed to merge to
create the 11th largest US financial institution with a combined market capitalization of about 43 bln usd.
The new company, to be called The Bank of New York Mellon Corp, will be the world's largest securities servicing
and asset management firm.
Bank of New York's shareholders will receive 0.9434 shares in the new company for each share they hold and
Mellon shareholders will receive one share in the new company for each Mellon share they own.
The transaction, which will lead to a combined company with annual revenues of more than 12 bln usd, will
involve restructuring charges of about 1.3 bln usd. The companies expect to reduce total pretax costs by about
700 mln usd per year, or approximately 8.5 pct of the estimated 2006 combined expense base.
The companies' plan to cut their combined workforce of 40,000 by about 3,900 over a three-year period following
the transaction.
The transaction is expected to be completed early in the third quarter of 2007. On a GAAP basis the transaction is
expected to be 1.0 pct dilutive to Bank of New York's operating earnings in 2007, and 1.4 pct accretive in 2008; it
will be 1.0 pct accretive to Mellon's operating earnings in 2007, and 5.7 pct accretive in 2008.
The new company will rank among the top 10 global asset managers with more than 1.1 trillion usd in assets
under management.
Thomas Renyi, chairman and chief executive of Bank of New York, will be executive chairman of the combined
company for 18 months following the close of the transaction with overall responsibility for the integration of the
two companies.
Robert Kelly, president, chairman and chief executive of Mellon, will serve as chief executive of the new company
and will succeed Renyi as chairman of the board. Gerald Hassell, president of Bank of New York, will hold the
same position in the new company.
"The organic growth of our respective companies is already strong, and the cost savings and revenue synergies
opportunities are excellent," said Kelly. newsdesk@afxnews.com jc/jc/jc/jc
COPYRIGHT
Copyright AFX News Limited 2006. All rights reserved. The copying, republication or redistribution of AFX News
Content, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of AFX
News.
AFX News and AFX Financial News Logo are registered trademarks of AFX News Limited
MMMM
Document AFXASI0020061204e2c4005y2
Page 41 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Bank of New York buys Mellon Financial for 16.5 bln dlrs
Bank of New York buys Mellon Financial for 16.5 bln dlrs
JLD
496 words
4 December 2006
17:35
Agence France Presse
AFPR
English
Copyright Agence France-Presse, 2006 All reproduction and presentation rights reserved.
NEW YORK, Dec 4, 2006 (AFP) -
The oldest US bank, The Bank of New York, Monday agreed to purchase Mellon Financial for 16.5 billion dollars
in a bid to create one of the world's largest global asset managers.
The new firm, to be called The Bank of New York Mellon Corp., will rank among the top 10 global asset managers
with over one trillion dollars in assets under management, according to a joint statement from the two banks.
The merger will also create "the world's leading asset servicer" with 16.6 trillion dollars in assets under
management and eight trillion dollars of corporate funds under trusteeship.
"We are creating one of the world's leading financial services companies," said Bank of New York chairman and
chief executive Thomas Renyi, who will serve as executive chairman of the new financial powerhouse for 18
months after the deal's completion.
Robert Kelly, Mellon's chairman, will become the chief executive of the new group and succeed Renyi as
chairman of the board.
The share prices of both banks soared.
Bank of New York's shares closed up 4.27 dollars, or 12 percent, at 39.75 dollars while Mellon's stock ended up
2.73 dollars, or 6.8 percent, at 42.78 dollars.
"Both Bank of New York and Mellon have performed well in recent quarters," said Standard and Poor's analyst
Rodrigo Quintanilla.
"Although the integration charges of the two companies will affect earnings, the new entity should emerge poised
to take advantage of potential cost savings, likely revenue synergies, and cross-selling opportunities," Quintanilla
said in a research note.
Under the deal's terms, Bank of New York shareholders will receive 0.9434 shares in the new company for each
Bank of New York share they hold. Mellon shareholders will gain one share in the new group for each of their
Mellon shares.
Executives hope to seal the deal by the third quarter of 2007, subject to regulatory and shareholder approvals.
Almost a quarter of the new group's revenues are expected to be derived internationally. The banks' combined
revenues are now over 12 billion dollars.
The companies' combined headcount of 40,000 staff is likely to be reduced by 3,900 through to 2010 following the
deal's closure, the banks said.
The Bank of New York markets an array of financial services for institutions and individuals. It was founded in
1784 with the involvement of Alexander Hamilton, who went on to become America's first Treasury secretary.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania-headquartered Mellon is a provider of financial services for institutions and wealthy
investors, including asset management and private wealth management.
Page 42 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
It was founded in 1869 as part of a family dynasty that was bequeathed to the tycoon Andrew Mellon, who left his
brother Richard to run the firm when he become Treasury secretary in 1921.
jld-jjc/jit
Document AFPR000020061204e2c400594
Page 43 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Bank of New York buys Mellon Financial for 16.5 bln dlrs
Bank of New York buys Mellon Financial for 16.5 bln dlrs
JLD
518 words
4 December 2006
10:13
Agence France Presse
AFPR
English
Copyright Agence France-Presse, 2006 All reproduction and presentation rights reserved.
NEW YORK, Dec 4, 2006 (AFP) -
The oldest US bank, The Bank of New York, has agreed to purchase Mellon Financial for 16.5 billion dollars in a
bid to create one of the world's largest global asset managers.
The new firm, which will be called The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, will rank among the top 10 global
asset managers with over one trillion dollars in assets under management, according to a joint statement from the
two banks.
The merger will also create "the world's leading asset servicer" with 16.6 trillion dollars in assets under
management and eight trillion dollars of corporate funds under trusteeship.
"We are creating one of the world's leading financial services companies," said Bank of New York chairman and
chief executive Thomas Renyi, who will serve as executive chairman of new financial powerhouse for 18 months
after the deal's completion.
Robert Kelly, Mellon's chairman, will become the chief executive of the new group and succeed Renyi as
chairman of the board.
The share prices of both banks soared in morning trading.
Bank of New York's shares were up 3.63 dollars, or 10.2 percent, at 39.11 dollars while Mellon's stock was up
2.26 dollars, or 5.6 percent, at 42.31 dollars.
"Both Bank of New York and Mellon have performed well in recent quarters," said Standard and Poor's analyst
Rodrigo Quintanilla.
"Although the integration charges of the two companies will affect earnings, the new entity should emerge poised
to take advantage of potential cost savings, likely revenue synergies, and cross-selling opportunities," Quintanilla
said in a research note.
Under the deal's terms, Bank of New York shareholders will receive 0.9434 shares in the new company for each
Bank of New York share they hold. Mellon shareholders will gain one share in the new group for each of their
Mellon shares.
Executives hope to seal the deal by the third quarter of 2007, subject to regulatory and shareholder approvals.
Almost a quarter of the new group's revenues are expected to be derived internationally. Its current combined
revenues are over 12 billion dollars.
The companies' combined headcount of 40,000 staff is likely to be reduced by 3,900 through to 2010 following the
deal's closure, the banks said.
The Bank of New York markets an array of financial services for institutions and individuals. It claims to be the
United States' oldest bank tracing its founding to early 1784. Alexander Hamilton helped found the bank before
becoming America's first Treasury Secretary.
Page 44 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Pittsburgh, Pennyslvania-headquartered Mellon is a provider of financial services for institutions and wealthy
investors, including asset management, private wealth management and other services.
It also has a strong financial pedigree dating to its founding in 1869.
Founded as a family dynasty, Andrew Mellon -- who also built a fortune in the steel and oil industries -- left his
brother Richard to run Mellon when he become the 49th Treasury Secretary.
jld-jjc/rl
Document AFPR000020061204e2c4004a8
Page 45 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Bank of New York, Mellon Financial to merge
Bank of New York, Mellon Financial to merge
JLD
139 words
4 December 2006
07:22
Agence France Presse
AFPR
English
Copyright Agence France-Presse, 2006 All reproduction and presentation rights reserved.
NEW YORK, Dec 4, 2006 (AFP) -
The Bank of New York Company and Mellon Financial Corporation announced Monday they have decided to
merge, creating the largest securities servicing and asset management firm in the world.
The new company, which will be called The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, will be the world's leading
asset servicer with 16.6 trillion dollars in assets and will rank among the top 10 global asset managers with more
than 1.1 trillion dollars in assets under management.
Thomas Renyi, currently chairman and chief executive of The Bank of New York, will serve as executive
chairman of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation for 18 months following the close of the transaction, the
two firms said in a statement.
jld/mk/sg
Document AFPR000020061204e2c400467
Page 46 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
UPDATE 4-Bank of New York surges 7 pct as profit tops views
UPDATE 4-Bank of New York surges 7 pct as profit tops views
By Jonathan Stempel
534 words
19 July 2006
06:40
Reuters News
LBA
English
(c) 2006 Reuters Limited
(Adds financial details, shares)
NEW YORK, July 19 (Reuters) - Bank of New York Co. , which plans later this year to quit branch banking, on
Wednesday said second-quarter profit rose 13 percent, helped by growth in its main business of securities
servicing.
The bank's shares surged 7.1 percent, their biggest one-day gain since October 2002, closing up $2.25 at $34.08
on the New York Stock Exchange.
Profit also rose more than expected at two other custody banks, Mellon Financial Corp. and Northern Trust Corp. .
Their shares rose 5.2 percent and 4.1 percent, respectively.
Bank of New York net income rose to $448 million, or 59 cents per share, from $398 million, or 52 cents, a year
earlier. Analysts polled by Reuters Estimates on average had forecast profit of 56 cents per share.
"We have just completed one of the best quarters in our history," Chief Executive Thomas Renyi said on a
conference call.
Servicing fees rose 17 percent to $909 million, with double-digit gains in each subsector and a 30 percent gain
from issuer services.
Private banking and asset management fees rose 23 percent to $138 million, and foreign exchange and trading
revenue rose 29 percent to $130 million. Global payment services fees and service charges fell.
"There is especially vibrant strength in the depositary receipt business," said Jordan Posner, a managing director
at Matrix Asset Advisors Inc. in New York.
"Now that Bank of New York is getting out of retail banking, its emphasis is completely in the trust and custody
area," he added. "That's a sweet spot right now because of an increase in transnational stock activity."
JPMORGAN SWAP
Bank of New York plans early in the fourth quarter to swap its retail banking business for JPMorgan Chase &
Co.'s corporate trust business and $150 million, to focus more on serving corporate and institutional clients.
The swap lets Bank of New York get out of branch banking, where it has struggled to compete. Its banking unit
was founded in 1784 by Alexander Hamilton, and is the oldest U.S. bank.
Bank of New York said it has $12 trillion of assets under custody, while JPMorgan said it has $11.5 trillion. Assets
on Bank of New York's balance sheet total $108.9 billion.
Excluding retail and middle-market banking, and any impact from the JPMorgan transaction, second-quarter profit
rose 14 percent to $391 million, or 52 cents per share.
Among other custody banks, Pittsburgh-based Mellon said profit from continuing operations rose 12 percent to
$228 million, or 55 cents per share, topping forecasts by 3 cents per share. Net income rose 85 percent to $231
million.
Page 47 of 47 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Chicago's Northern Trust said profit rose 12 percent to $167.9 million, or 76 cents per share. Excluding a tax
adjustment, profit totaled 83 cents per share, topping forecasts by 6 cents.
On Tuesday, State Street Corp. said its profit rose 3 percent. Excluding tax charges, profit topped forecasts.
FINANCIAL-BANKOFNEWYORK-EARNS (UPDATE 4)|LANGEN|ABN|E|RBN|U|D|RNP|DNP|PCO
Document LBA0000020060719e27j000qa
Search Summary
Text Thomas Renyi
Date 01/01/2006 to 12/31/2006
Source All Publications
Author All Authors
Company The Bank of New York Mellon Corp. And Mellon Financial Corp
Subject All Subjects
Industry All Industries
Region All Regions
Language English
News Filters Subject: Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers