Page 1 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Johnson Controls Eyes Hundreds Of Mlns In Cost Cuts -CEO.......................................................................................2 
Johnson Controls Sees Profit Rise of 21%-25% --- Firm Also Expects Purchase Of York to Help It Expand Beyond 
Auto-Parts Sector ............................................................................................................................................................4 
Johnson Controls sees Q4 EPS up 21-25 pct-WSJ ........................................................................................................5 
Johnson Controls Sees Increase In Profit by 21%-25% Per Share ................................................................................6 
Johnson Controls acquires York. ....................................................................................................................................7 
Johnson controls acquires York.(Industry News) ............................................................................................................8 
Deal builds muscle for Johnson Controls; By buying York International, the company can build beyond its 
automotive-related business. ........................................................................................................................................12 
Wall St. keen on buyout; Despite stocks' surge, the local impact of the sale of York I .................................................13 
York acquisition by Johnson seen triggering bidding war .............................................................................................15 
Johnson Controls to Acquire York International Corporation - Final .............................................................................17 
Event Brief of Johnson Controls to Acquire York International Corporation - Final.......................................................32 
Johnson to buy York - BUILDING SYSTEMS. ..............................................................................................................43 
Johnson Controls set to acquire York ...........................................................................................................................44 
Johnson Controls to acquire York International for $2.4 billion .....................................................................................45 
Johnson Controls to acquire York International for $2.4 billion .....................................................................................47 
Johnson Controls to acquire York International for $2.4 billion .....................................................................................49 
Johnson Controls buying York for $3.2 bln - UPDATE 3...............................................................................................51 
Johnson Controls buying York for $3.2 bln - UPDATE 2...............................................................................................53 
Johnson Controls buying York for $3.2B - UPDATE 1 ..................................................................................................55 
Johnson Controls buying York for $3.2B.......................................................................................................................57 
Johnson Controls to Buy York International ..................................................................................................................59

Page 2 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Johnson Controls Eyes Hundreds Of Mlns In Cost Cuts -CEO 
Johnson Controls Eyes Hundreds Of Mlns In Cost Cuts -CEO 
By John D. Stoll 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
557 words 
24 October 2005 
11:43 
Dow Jones International News 
DJI 
English 
(c) 2005 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
DETROIT (Dow Jones)--Johnson Controls Inc. (JCI) is targeting "hundreds of millions" of dollars in cost 
improvements in coming years, with much of the emphasis related to cutting the impact of recent price hikes for 
materials, such as lead and resin. 
The Milwaukee-based company, which produces auto parts, car batteries, and industrial heating and cooling 
systems, posted strong results for the fiscal fourth quarter. The company's adjusted earnings hit $1.50 per share 
and Johnson Controls is forecasting approximately a 15% consolidated net sales increase in fiscal 2006, and a 
boost of between 13% and 17% in earnings to the range of $5 to $5.15 per share. 
Even with the positive momentum, Chairman and Chief Executive John Barth said the company needs to 
address rising costs in order to remain healthy, especially as the U.S. auto industry as a whole is struggling to 
make money. He said the cost cuts won't center "on any one little thing," but instead will focus on leveraging the 
growing global reach of its business to achieve better performance. 
"The auto industry doesn't need Johnson Controls to look like everyone else," Barth said during an earnings 
conference call Monday. He said the company has already identified various initiatives it needs to take "to allow 
us to drive costs out." 
Johnson Controls is particularly exposed to volatile lead and resin costs, which are needed to produce 
light-vehicle batteries and interior parts. The company saw increased pressure on costs during the fourth quarter. 
The hit was partially attributable to "supply interruption" from hurricanes Katrina and Rita, and - like the rest of the 
North American auto supply chain - it is finding difficulty passing material price increases to automakers that buy 
its parts, Chief Financial Officer Bruce McDonald said. 
McDonald said the company is forecasting "level" operating margins next fiscal year, but the assumption is "100% 
dependent on the commodities issue," he said. While the company is hedged on steel costs through at least the 
first of 2006, it is still working through other costs associated with volatility. 
McDonald said commodities pricing in Asia and Europe have been more stable than North American prices, but 
increased steel capacity in China and other regions could result in lower steel prices, conceivably allowing the 
company to offset potential cost increases it could see in other materials, which are often pegged to shorter-term 
price agreements. 
McDonald said Johnson Controls is banking on its acquisition of York International Corp. (YRK) to help boost its 
purchasing power. Although York is expected to generate needed momentum in Johnson Controls' service 
business, York's manufacturing reach includes a large volume of steel purchasing. 
He said the York acquisition, initially announced in August, is expected to close by December after European and 
other regulatory bodies approve the deal. Federal regulators in the U.S. approved the deal in October, McDonald 
said. 
Shares in Johnson Controls were up $3.90 or 5.9% at $69.77 in recent trading thanks to the 
stronger-than-expected fourth quarter profit and the company's growth forecast. Trading volume totaled 782,000 
shares. 
-By John D. Stoll, Dow Jones Newswires; (313) 226-1249; john.stoll@dowjones.com [ 24-10-05 1631GMT ] 
Document DJI0000020051024e1ao000tb

Page 3 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.

Page 4 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Johnson Controls Sees Profit Rise of 21%-25% --- Firm Also Expects Purchase Of York to Help It Expand Beyond Auto-Parts Sector 
Johnson Controls Sees Profit Rise of 21%-25% --- Firm Also Expects Purchase Of York to Help It Expand 
Beyond Auto-Parts Sector 
By Michael J. McCarthy 
478 words 
12 October 2005 
The Asian Wall Street Journal 
AWSJ 
M7 
English 
(c) 2005 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. To see the edition in which this article appeared, click here 
Johnson Controls Inc., which is proceeding with plans for a large acquisition to further diversify beyond the 
troubled automotive industry, said it expects to report that per-share profit in its fiscal fourth quarter rose 21% to 
25%. 
The maker of car parts and systems that heat and cool buildings said a preliminary review shows per-share 
earnings from continuing operations grew to $1.48 to $1.52 in the quarter ended Sept. 30, from $1.22 a share a 
year earlier. 
Wall Street had forecast that the company, based in Milwaukee, had a profit of $1.49 a share, the average of 
analyst estimates tracked by Thomson Financial. 
Its review shows sales rose 8% to 9%, to about $7 billion, Johnson said. Final results are set for release Oct. 24. 
The company's plan, announced in August, to buy heating- and air-conditioning-equipment maker York 
International Corp. for about $2.4 billion will lessen Johnson's reliance on the struggling U.S. auto business, 
which made up almost 80% of the manufacturer's 2004 sales. Chief Executive John Barth said in an interview 
that the deal is on schedule to close by the end of this year, which he said has been "transformational" for 
Johnson. 
Johnson Controls makes auto batteries and car seats and interiors. But U.S. auto makers are aggressively 
pursuing lower costs from suppliers, particularly for simple components such as interior parts. Delphi Corp., a 
large U.S. auto-parts supplier, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on Saturday amid those strains on the 
industry. 
While York will make Johnson Controls less dependent on the auto industry, historically the largest for Johnson 
Controls, Mr. Barth said it remains "a good business for us." He said efforts such as Johnson's development work 
on lithium-ion batteries, which the manufacturer describes as a promising technology for hybrid electric cars, may 
lead to new opportunities for the company. 
Johnson Controls forecasts flat sales of $6.8 billion for the fiscal first quarter, ending Dec. 31, with per-share profit 
from continuing operations rising 9% to 13%, to 82 cents a share to 85 cents a share. That projection, like the 
fourth quarter's, excludes sales and earnings from the York purchase. Mr. Barth attributed the sales forecast 
partly to unfavorable currency exchanges. 
In the fiscal year ending Sept. 30, 2006, Johnson expects per-share earnings from continuing operations to rise 
14% to 16%, to $5 a share to $5.15 a share. That would compare with an estimated $4.39 a share to $4.43 a 
share in the last fiscal year. Sales are forecast to rise about 14% to about $32 billion. 
Document AWSJ000020051011e1ac00012

Page 5 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Johnson Controls sees Q4 EPS up 21-25 pct-WSJ 
Johnson Controls sees Q4 EPS up 21-25 pct-WSJ 
301 words 
11 October 2005 
01:11 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2005 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, Oct 11 (Reuters) - Johnson Controls Inc. expects to report that its fiscal fourth quarter profit per 
share rose 21 to 25 percent, the Wall Street Journal said Tuesday, citing an interview with the company's chief 
executive. 
Johnson, a maker of car parts and systems that heat and cool buildings, said a preliminary review showed 
earnings from continuing operations grew to $1.48 to $1.52 a share in the quarter ended Sept. 30, up from $1.22 
in the same period a year earlier, CEO John Barth told the paper. 
The Milwaukee-based company had been expected to report earnings of $1.49 a share according to Thomson 
Financial. 
Johnson Controls will host a conference call with investors Tuesday morning to discuss its strategy and 2006 
outlook. Actual fourth-quarter results are set for release Oct. 24. 
Johnson also expects to report an 8 to 9 percent rise in sales to about $7 billion for the quarter, the Journal said. 
The company, which derives about 80 percent of sales from auto parts, expects to acquire heating- and 
air-conditioning equipment maker York International Corp. . for about $2.4 billion by the end of 2005. 
Johnson Controls also expects flat sales of $6.8 billion in the fiscal first quarter, which ends Dec. 31, with 
per-share profit from continuing operations rising 9 to 13 percent, to 82 to 85 cents a share. 
In the 2006 fiscal year, Johnson expects earnings from continuing operations per share to rise 14 to 16 percent to 
between $5.00 and $5.15 a share. Sales are forecast to rise about 14 percent to about $32 billion, the paper said. 
MANUFACTURING-JOHNSONCONTROLS|LANGEN|ABN|E|RBN|U|RNP|DNP|PCO 
Document LBA0000020051011e1ab0007s

Page 6 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Johnson Controls Sees Increase In Profit by 21%-25% Per Share 
Johnson Controls Sees Increase In Profit by 21%-25% Per Share 
By Michael J. McCarthy 
481 words 
11 October 2005 
The Wall Street Journal 
J
A10 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2005, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
Johnson Controls Inc., which is proceeding with plans for a large acquisition to further diversify beyond the 
troubled automotive industry, said it expects to report fiscal-fourth-quarter profit rose 21% to 25%. 
The maker of car parts and systems that heat and cool buildings said a preliminary review shows per-share 
earnings from continuing operations grew to $1.48 to $1.52 in the quarter ended Sept. 30, from $1.22 a share in 
the same period a year earlier. 
Wall Street had forecast that the Milwaukee-based company had a profit of $1.49 a share, the average of analyst 
estimates tracked by Thomson Financial. 
Its review shows sales rose 8% to 9%, to about $7 billion, Johnson said. Final results are set for release Oct. 24. 
The company's plan, announced in August, to buy heating- and air-conditioning-equipment maker York 
International Corp. for about $2.4 billion will lessen Johnson's reliance on the struggling U.S. auto business, 
which made up almost 80% of the manufacturer's 2004 sales. Chief Executive John Barth said in an interview 
that the deal is on schedule to close by the end of this year, which he said has been "transformational" for 
Johnson. 
Johnson Controls makes auto batteries and car seats and interiors. But U.S. auto makers are aggressively 
pursuing lower costs from suppliers, particularly for simple components such as interior parts. Delphi Corp., a 
large U.S. auto-parts supplier, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on Saturday amid those strains on the 
industry. 
While York will make Johnson Controls less dependent on the auto industry, historically the largest for Johnson 
Controls, Mr. Barth said it remains "a good business for us." He said efforts such as Johnson's development work 
on lithium-ion batteries, which the manufacturer describes as a promising technology for hybrid electric cars, may 
lead to new opportunities for the company. 
Johnson Controls forecasts flat sales of $6.8 billion in the fiscal first quarter, ending Dec. 31, with per-share profit 
from continuing operations rising 9% to 13%, to 82 cents a share to 85 cents a share. That projection, like the 
fourth quarter's, excludes sales and earnings from the York purchase. 
Mr. Barth attributed the sales forecast partly to unfavorable currency exchanges. The company also 
deconsolidated a joint venture, which had added to year-earlier results. 
In the fiscal year ending Sept. 30, 2006, Johnson expects per-share earnings from continuing operations to rise 
14% to 16%, to $5 a share to $5.15 a share. That would compare with an estimated $4.39 a share to $4.43 a 
share in the last fiscal year. Sales are forecast to rise about 14% to about $32 billion. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document J000000020051011e1ab0003g

Page 7 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Johnson Controls acquires York. 
Johnson Controls acquires York. 
237 words 
19 September 2005 
Building Services Journal 
BUISER 
8
English 
© Copyright 2005. CMP Information Limited. All rights reserved. 
Johnson Controls has acquired hvac supplier York International in a deal worth £1.7bn. 
York, which has sales of around £2.7bn, will become part of Johnson's Controls Group. Johnson is also a major 
player in the automotive systems market. 
Johnson claim the deal will benefit the firm by giving it a stronger position in the growing international markets, 
especially China, Central Europe, Latin America and the Middle East. 
John Barth, chairman and ceo of Johnson Controls, says "With the addition of York, we will have enhanced 
HVAC&R, controls, fire and security capabilities. 
"Bringing together our two organisations will create the largest building services force in the world, putting us in a 
strong position to capture an increased share of the fragmented £72bn global services market for commercial 
buildings." 
Benefits as a result of the transaction include the ability to provide customers with bundled HVAC&R equipment 
and controls, as well as access to 500 sales and services offices in over 125 countries with 55,000 employees. 
The combined company expects to generate revenues of £6bn in the building environments industry for 2005. 
- The UK building controls market is worth £489m, according to the the Building Controls Industry Association - an 
increase of £46.2m on 2003 figures. 
North America and Europe accounted for 53% and 39% respectivley of Johnson's revenue in 2004, with controls 
representing 21% of sales. 
Document BUISER0020050919e19j00002

Page 8 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Johnson controls acquires York.(Industry News) 
Johnson controls acquires York.(Industry News) 
Skaer, Mark 
1,742 words 
5 September 2005 
Air Conditioning, Heating & Refrigeration News 
AIRC 
1
ISSN: 0002-2276; Volume 226; Issue 1 
English 
(c) 2005 Information Access Company. All rights reserved. 
The dust has not settled yet from Johnson Controls' blockbuster acquisition of York International on Aug. 24. 
Days after the surprise announcement, most insiders from both parties opted not to formally comment on the $3.2 
billion transaction, which caught many off guard. 
"You could say we were surprised," said one York International-Unitary Products Group (UPG) official, who 
asked not to be identified. "However, the general mood is that this will be an excellent fit. Johnson Controls is a 
very strong company and York will give them an air conditioning division, which they've never had. Change, as 
you know, is inevitable, and as company sales go, this should be good for all parties concerned." 
At the official teleconference on Aug. 25, the top three officials from the two companies certainly painted a bright 
future for everyone concerned. 
"This is a whole new chapter for both companies," said John Kennedy, president, Controls Group, Johnson 
Controls. "We have just doubled our ties. It's a game change for both." 
For Milwaukee-based Johnson Controls, buying York International means a chance to boost its business outside 
the automotive industry and a chance to rapidly expand its global markets in the controls industry. For York 
International, the deal means a chance to join a strong company with a long history of profitability. 
"Our business continues to strengthen and is at the point where it is in the best interests of our shareholders, 
customers, and employees to join forces with an industry leader in control systems and services," said C. David 
Myers, president and chief executive officer of York. 
"The combination of these two great companies, with similar cultures of innovation, critical values and customer 
service, points toward an outstanding future. We look forward to working with Johnson Controls and delivering the 
benefits of this exciting transaction." 
Johnson Controls did not buy York purely for the sake of sales growth. The merger should also help the combined 
company grow its aftermarket and service businesses, too. "When we look at acquisitions, we really look at it as 
platform growth," said John Barth, chairman and chief executive officer of Johnson Controls. 
Analysts see that as the likely outcome. "It's a really big leap from what they were doing," David Siino, an analyst 
with Gabelli & Co., in Rye, N.Y., told the York (Pa.) Dispatch. "Once you install the things, there's a greater 
opportunity to service them in the future." 
The company may gain an edge over its competitors. "I don't think anybody else would be able to offer the 
integrated package this deal creates" said Siino. 
Investors voiced approval of the companies' plans. At last report, York's stock was trading for more than the 
$56.50 per share Johnson Controls is offering in the merger. 
Strategic Benefits Of Transaction 
The combination of Johnson Controls and York is expected to produce a number of important benefits, including 
the following: 
* Greater scope and scale with expected 2005 pro forma annualized revenue of $11 billion in the building 
environments industry. 
* Access to a larger, $200 billion global market.

Page 9 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
* Prospects for substantial growth from supplying products and services to each other's customers. 
* Ability to provide customers with bundled HVACR equipment and controls. 
* A stronger position in growing international markets, especially China, Central Europe, Latin America, and the 
Middle East. 
* Approximately 500 sales and service offices, representation in over 125 countries, and 55,000 employees 
serving the building environment market. 
"Johnson Controls and York are ideal partners, and this transaction will bring significant benefits to shareholders, 
customers and employees of both companies," said Barth. "By joining with York, a market leader with a strong 
growth outlook, Johnson Controls is staking out a strategic leadership position in the global building environment 
industry that will offer significant growth potential and synergies with our controls business. Importantly, Johnson 
Controls will maintain its strong financial position, while substantially diversifying our business mix." 
He added, "The transaction will enable us to become a single source of integrated products and services that 
building owners want in order to optimize comfort and energy efficiency. With the addition of York, we will have 
enhanced HVACR, controls, fire, and security capabilities. Bringing together our two organizations will also create 
the largest building services force in the world, strongly positioning us to capture an increased share of the 
fragmented $130 billion global services market for commercial buildings." 
Now that York is aboard, expect Johnson Controls' building controls products to trickle down to York's products in 
the residential market, too. 
"We are excited about the possibilities," said Myers. "With our joint capabilities and product capabilities, all 
contractors should benefit." 
It was unclear how the two companies will put this on display, but Alex Molinaroli, vice president and general 
manager, Americas--Controls Group, Johnson Controls, admitted it will be an "interesting ASHRAE show," 
referring to the International Air-Conditioning, Heating, Refrigerating Exposition, to be held in Chicago Jan. 23-25, 
2006. 
Johnson Controls anticipates the transaction will close in December of this year, subject to customary closing 
conditions that include regulatory approvals and York shareholder approval. York's board of directors has 
unanimously recommended that York shareholders vote in favor of the transaction at a shareholders meeting that 
will be scheduled as soon as can be arranged. 
Early on there were a few reports indicating York could attract more offers from other prospective buyers. 
However, a more competitive bid had not surfaced as of press time. 
Questions From Employees 
Those most in the dark are employees and factory workers. Monica Levy, spokeswoman for Johnson Controls, 
said it is too early to speculate what the sale could mean for York's employees. 
An integration team is being formed, with representatives from both companies. The team will issue 
recommendations on which facilities to keep open and which jobs to retain, Levy said. 
Though more than half of the company's sales are domestic, only four of its 12 control division manufacturing 
sites are located in the United States, according to Johnson Controls' published financial statements. The other 
eight are located in China, Germany, Italy, Japan, Mexico (two), the Netherlands, and Switzerland. Most of its 
automotive division manufacturing plants are in foreign countries as well. 
Notes in the financial statements read, "Company management is continually analyzing our businesses for 
opportunities to consolidate current operations and to locate our facilities in low cost countries in close proximity 
to our customers." 
A restructuring plan by Johnson Controls last year to lower expenses resulted in the termination of 470 control 
group employees in North America and Europe and 1,500 employees in the automotive group, mostly in Europe. 
"We're confident that we'll achieve the resulting growth and cost synergies available through the pairing of these 
two companies," said Barth. "Johnson Controls has a long history of successfully integrating and growing

Page 10 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
companies we've acquired. We're excited about joining with York to continue building on the success of these two 
great brands and bringing value to our shareholders." 
Overview of Johnson Controls, Control Business 
2005 Estimated Sales By Line Of Business 
System 
Installation 48% 
Technical 
Services 17% 
Facility 
Management 34% 
2005 Estimated Sales By Geography 
North America 58% 
ROW 9% 
Europe 33% 
Note: Tables made from pie chart. 
Johnson Controls Fact Sheet 
Company Description: Johnson Controls is considered a global market leader in automotive systems and facility 
management and control. In the automotive market, it is a major supplier of integrated seating and interior 
systems, and batteries. For nonresidential facilities, Johnson Controls provides control systems and services 
including comfort, energy, and security management. Headquarters: Milwaukee, Wis. Web site: www.johnson 
controls.com. 2004 Financials (Continuing Operations): Sales $25.4 billion (North America: 53 percent; Europe: 
39 percent, rest of world: 8 percent). Net income: $766.8 million. According to Johnson Controls, it has had 58 
consecutive years of sales increases, 14 consecutive years of earnings increases, and 30 successive years of 
dividend increases. Dividends have been paid consecutively since 1887, the company said. History: Founded in 
Milwaukee in 1885 by Warren S. Johnson, inventor of the first electric room thermostat. Businesses: Controls (21 
percent of 2004 sales)--Considered one of the global leaders in control systems and services for HVAC, lighting, 
security and fire management for nonresidential buildings, facility management, and consulting services. Seating 
and interiors (70 percent of 2004 sales)--Considered one of the global market leaders in automotive seating and 
interior systems, including overhead, door, instrument panel, and electronics products. Battery (9 percent of 2004 
sales)--Considered one of the global market leaders in automotive batteries for both the automotive replacement 
and original equipment markets. Acquired automotive battery business of Delphi in July 2005. Locations: 300 
manufacturing plants, 330 controls sales and service branch offices. Employees: 120,000. 
Overview of 
York International 
2005 Year-To-Date Estimated Revenue Breakdown 
Equipment 73% 
Services 27% 
2005 Estimated Sales By Geography 
Americas 49% 
ROW 15% 
EMEA 36% 
Note: Tables made from pie chart. 
York International Fact Sheet

Page 11 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Company Description: York International is considered one of the largest independent suppliers of HVACR 
systems and solutions. York designs, manufactures, sells, and services HVAC systems for commercial and 
residential markets; gas-compression equipment for industrial processing; industrial and commercial refrigeration 
equipment; and compressors for residential and commercial air conditioning. Headquarters: York, Pa. Web site: 
www.york.com . 2004 Financials: Sales--$4.5 billion (Americas: 49 percent; Europe: 36 percent, Asia: 15 
percent). Net income--$81.6 million. Since becoming an independent company in 1986, York said it has recorded 
compound annual growth rate in sales of 11 percent. Dividends have been paid consecutively since going public 
in 1991. History: Founded in 1874 in York, Pa., to manufacture ice-making equipment. Brands: York, Frick, 
Coleman, Luxaire, Stal, Sabroe, Gram, and Bristol Compressor. Segments: Global Applied (75 percent of 2004 
revenues). Commercial and industrial A/C mechanical equipment; industrial refrigeration equipment. Primary 
customers--Mechanical contractors, consulting engineers, building owners and developers, and governmental 
agencies. Unitary Products (18 percent of 2004 revenues). Residential and light commercial air conditioning 
equipment. Primary customers--Independent distributors of HVAC products, mechanical contractors, and 
manufacturers of manufactured homes. Reciprocating and Scroll Compressors (7 percent of 2004 revenues). 
Customers--Wholesalers, OEM re-sellers, and international representatives. Locations: 26 manufacturing plants 
in 9 countries; sales and service locations serving 125 countries. Employees: 24,000. 
By Mark Skaer 
Of The News Staff 
COPYRIGHT 2005 Business News Publishing Co. 
Document AIRC000020050916e19500001

Page 12 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Deal builds muscle for Johnson Controls; By buying York International, the company can build beyond its automotive-related business. 
BUSINESS 
Deal builds muscle for Johnson Controls; By buying York International, the company can build beyond its 
automotive-related business. 
THOMAS CONTENT 
York Daily Record 
446 words 
26 August 2005 
York Daily Record 
YKDR 
6
English 
Copyright (c) 2005 Bell & Howell Information and Learning Company. All rights reserved. 
The $3.2 billion acquisition of York International is a move designed to make Johnson Controls' 
Milwaukee-based controls business the global leader in its industry overnight. 
The purchase by Wisconsin's largest company is its biggest ever, and would nearly double sales of the controls 
business, the part of Johnson Controls that has been around since the late 1800s. At the same time, it would 
reduce Johnson Controls' reliance on the ailing automotive industry, although automotive would remain more than 
half of the company's sales. 
The transaction would marry Johnson Controls' leadership presence in North America, Western Europe and 
Japan with York's market- leading presence in China, central Europe, the Middle East and Latin America, said 
John Barth, Johnson Controls chairman and chief executive. 
While York International workers considered their fate, Johnson Controls executives said Wednesday it's too 
early to say what kind of jobs could come to or leave Milwaukee as a result of the merger. At its core, Barth said, 
the deal is about growth. One risk, observers said, is that the company's controls business would become more 
reliant on sales of equipment, which generate a lower profit margin than the services Johnson Controls provides. 
The controls business specializes in integrating complex building systems such as security, climate control and 
energy efficiency in facilities such as hospitals, pharmaceutical plants, airports and colleges. 
The increasing reliance on equipment sales, which account for 73 percent of York International's revenue, could 
make Johnson Controls more sensitive to the ups and downs of the building construction market, analysts from 
Moody's Investors Service said. 
The transaction is the latest in a series of moves engineered by Barth and company executives to do for the 
battery and controls businesses what has already taken place in automotive seats and interiors. The strategy: 
target growing markets, get global, be the market leader, and use acquisitions to get technology and geographic 
presence the company lacks. 
On July 1, Johnson Controls' battery business entered China and South Korea for the first time, with the 
company's $230 million purchase of Delphi Corp.'s automotive battery business. 
The York acquisition "will give us a presence in 125 countries," Barth said. 
Johnson Controls said the deal would provide it with more balance in the sales and earnings it receives from its 
businesses. 
A Moody's report late Wednesday said the deal would shrink to 59 percent from 70 percent the portion of sales 
the company receives from the automotive business, excluding the battery business. 
Document YKDR000020050827e18q00013

Page 13 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Wall St. keen on buyout; Despite stocks' surge, the local impact of the sale of York I 
MAIN 
Wall St. keen on buyout; Despite stocks' surge, the local impact of the sale of York I 
SHARON SMITH 
York Daily Record 
797 words 
26 August 2005 
York Daily Record 
YKDR 
1
English 
Copyright (c) 2005 Bell & Howell Information and Learning Company. All rights reserved. 
For Milwaukee-based Johnson Controls, buying York International means a chance to boost its business outside 
the automotive industry and a chance to rapidly expand its global markets. 
For York International, the deal means a chance to join a strong company with a long history of profitability. 
York International and Johnson Controls shareholders have benefited, as Wednesday's announcement drove 
both companies' stock prices higher Thursday. York International was among one of the most heavily traded on 
the New York Stock Exchange on Thursday. 
Just what the merger means to York International's 1,150 York County workers, corporate headquarters and 
brand name all remain uncertain. 
An integration team composed of members from both companies will tackle those issues. The $3.2 billion deal is 
expected to close in December. 
York International provided 
union officials with a letter Thursday notifying them of the sale, but did not indicate how workers might be 
affected. 
"Everybody is hoping for a good end result," said David Stauch, vice president of Local 1872 of the United Auto 
Workers of America. 
A good result for the union would be that York International would continue to have a local presence in the 
county where the company was born in 1874. 
York International has been bought and sold before, Stauch said. Back in 1956, Michigan-based automotive 
conglomerate Borg-Warner bought the company for $50 million. 
"Through it all, we've managed, luckily, to stay here," Stauch said. "Hopefully, we'll be around for a lot more years 
to come." 
Executives from both companies did not go into detail about how things would shake out for the York 
International's Spring Garden Township headquarters when they fielded questions from analysts during a 
Thursday morning conference call. 
By combining York International's heating, air-conditioning, ventilating and cooling products with Johnson 
Controls' building controls systems, executives believe the merged company can better compete in a $200 billion 
global business. 
For example, the addition of York should enable Johnson Controls to increase its sales of its Controls Group 
division from $6 billion to $11 billion. Johnson Controls also makes automotive equipment and batteries. The 
company's overall sales are $25.4 billion 
The merger also would introduce Johnson Controls into markets such as China, where York International has a 
strong share of the market. Together, executives said, the company can offer its customers one-stop shopping, a 
demand that has recently emerged in the building environments industry.

Page 14 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"This is an exciting time. A new chapter in our history," said John Barth, chairman and chief executive of 
Johnson Controls, which currently makes control systems for comfort, energy and security management in 
nonresidential buildings. 
Johnson Controls did not buy York purely for the sake of sales growth. The merger should also help the combined 
company grow its aftermarket and service businesses, too. 
"When we look at acquisitions, we really look at it as platform growth," Barth said. 
Analysts see that as the likely outcome. 
"It's a really big leap from what they were doing," said David Siino, an analyst with Gabelli & Co., in Rye, N.Y. 
"Once you install the things, there's a greater opportunity to service them in the future." 
It also should give the company an edge over competitors Honeywell and Siemens. 
"I don't think anybody else would be able to offer the integrated package this deal creates," Siino said. 
Investors voiced approval of the companies' plans. Johnson Controls' stock closed at $59.53, up 4.9 percent from 
the previous day's closing of $56.77. 
York International's stock also closed higher at $56.79, up 36 percent from the previous day's closing of $41.75. 
York's stock is now trading for more than the $56.50 per share Johnson Controls is offering in the merger. 
An analyst with Banc of America Securities issued a note to clients, indicating York International could attract 
more offers from other prospective buyers, according to The Associated Press. 
A report issued Thursday by an analyst with KeyBanc Capital Markets indicated that firm did not anticipate that a 
more competitive bid would surface. 
Reach Sharon Smith at 771-2029 or ssmith@ydr.com. 
PIC: DAILY RECORD / SUNDAY NEWS CHRISTOPHER GLASS 
Brian Leib, retired from York International for about three years, worries about his pension outside the Heritage 
Valley Federal Credit Union. Other workers had similar fears Thursday, a day after Milwaukee-based Johnson 
Controls announced it was buying York International. See Story, 9A 
PIC: SUBMITTED 
The headquarters of Johnson Controls is seen here in Milwaukee, Wis. Johnson Controls announced it was 
buying York International Wednesday for $3.2 billion. 
Document YKDR000020050827e18q0000m

Page 15 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
York acquisition by Johnson seen triggering bidding war 
York acquisition by Johnson seen triggering bidding war 
657 words 
26 August 2005 
09:48 
Associated Press Newswires 
APRS 
English 
(c) 2005. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. 
NEW YORK (AP) - York International Corp. shares surged Thursday on speculation the maker of heating and air 
conditioning equipment could be the focus of a bidding war one day after Johnson Controls Inc. agreed to buy it. 
Bristol Compressors, with 1,648 workers at its Bristol, Va., plant is part of the deal. 
Johnson Controls, an automotive supplier that makes everything from batteries to car seats, plans to buy York as 
a way to diversify its business and break into the booming U.S. construction market. The deal, worth $3.2 billion 
including the assumption of debt, would take one of the few remaining players in the North American heating and 
air conditioning industry off the market. 
This could cause other companies -- including United Technologies Corp., China's Haier Electronics Group Co., 
and Korea's LG Electronics Inc. -- to make their own pitch, according to Banc of America analyst Don C. 
MacDougall. 
"At first blush it appears to us that York is basically getting a fair valuation for the company, but other bidders may 
still emerge," MacDougall said in a note to clients. "We believe York's long-term potential could justify a higher 
price since there are not many remaining ways to get into the North American commercial HVAC equipment and 
service market with an already established leading position." 
York's shares jumped $15.09, or 36 percent, to $56.84 to become the most heavily traded stock on the New York 
Stock Exchange. Earlier in the session, shares surged to $57.55, trumping its previous 52-week high of $43 by 
nearly 34 percent. 
Even with the stock move, MacDougall believes the company can still command a higher price than the deal 
offered by Johnson Controls. He pointed out that York's profit margins are running more than 30 percent below 
their prior peak and 25 percent below peer average. 
Johnson Controls said it would pay $2.4 billion, or $56.50 a share, for York -- a 35 percent premium over 
Wednesday's closing price. The Milwaukee company also said it would assume about $800 million in York debt, 
bringing the total value of the deal to $3.2 billion. 
John Barth, Johnson Controls' chief executive, would not comment on speculation there would be a bidding war 
for York. Instead, he said the deal represents synergies and is confident it will hold up. 
"I think if you looked at other deals that have been done in this industry, we are not really out of line with those, 
but this will stand on its own merits," he said during a conference call with analysts. "What I can say is the 
synergies that exist between York and Johnson Controls that we have been describing are second to none." 
York is currently the third-largest heating, ventilating, and air conditioning equipment supplier in the nation, 
competing against rivals such as Lennox International Inc. and American Standard Cos. United Technologies, 
which is considered to be a strong candidate for a possible rival bid, has a $12 billion HVAC business called 
Carrier. 
Bristol Compressors, Bristol's largest employer, has been owned by York since 1986. The impact on the Virginia 
company as a result of the buyout isn't likely to be clear until December, when the acquisition is expected to be 
closed. 
But a York spokeswoman said, "Bristol Compressors is part of this acquisition, and we will continue to operate it 
as part of Johnson Controls after this acquisition."

Page 16 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Johnson Controls shares gained $2.93, or 5.1 percent, to $59.70 on the NYSE. Lennox International shares 
added $1.36, or 5.9 percent, to $24.47 on the NYSE, while American Standard shares rose $1.23, or 2.8 percent, 
to $44.85. Shares of United Technologies, however, shed 16 cents to $50.58 on the NYSE. 
------ 
On the Net: 
http://www.bristolcompressors.com 
------ 
Information from: Herald-Courier 
7
Document APRS000020050826e18q001qd

Page 17 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Johnson Controls to Acquire York International Corporation - Final 
Johnson Controls to Acquire York International Corporation - Final 
11,682 words 
25 August 2005 
FD (FAIR DISCLOSURE) WIRE 
FNDW 
English 
© Voxant Inc. All rights reserved. 
OPERATOR: Welcome and thank you all for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. 
(OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's conference is being recorded; if you have any objections you may 
disconnect at this time. 
I would like to turn the meaning over to Miss Denise Zutz. Thank you. You may begin. 
DENISE ZUTZ, VP, CORP. COMMUNICATIONS, JOHNSON CONRTOLS: Good morning everyone. Thank you 
for joining us. I am here with John Barth, Chairman and CEO of Johnson Controls Steve Roell, our Company's 
Vice Chairman and Executive Vice President, Dave Myers, President and CEO of York International as well as 
Bruce McDonald who is Vice President and CFO of Johnson Controls. 
We are going to begin our presentation shortly; however I need to begin by reviewing our forward-looking 
statements. 
Johnson Controls is making forward-looking statements during this call pertaining to the planned acquisition of 
York by Johnson Controls that are based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Such 
statements include expected synergies, pro forma and expected sales. Forward-looking statements including 
information concerning possible or assumed future risks and may include words such as believes, forecast, 
expects, outlook or similar expressions. For those statements the Company's caution that numerous important 
factors such as approval by York shareholders of the transaction, regulatory approvals, achievement of growth 
and cost synergies, central disruption from the transaction making it more difficult to maintain relationships with 
customers, employees or suppliers, strength of U.S. or other economies, cancellation of commercial contracts, 
other risks attendant to the respect of businesses, adjust controls in York -- including those factors discussed in 
Johnson Controls' Form 8-K, dated October 26, 2004 and York's SEC filings -- could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company. 
Again I'm going to turn the call over to John Barth and after the conclusion of remarks by each of the speakers, 
we will be happy to take your questions. John. 
JOHN BARTH, CEO, JOHNSON CONRTOLS: Good morning everyone and this is an exciting time for Johnson 
Controls and York. We look at this as really a new chapter in our history. It has been a very successful one and 
we look at this as transformational. As you might know that York International is the largest independent supplier 
for the global heating and cooling market. 
Want to look at the two companies and new technology that the merger will provide, new customers, access to 
growing geographic markets -- I mean if you look at our relative strength globally and how we fit together it's just 
outstanding. Now when you look at the large installed base at both of us have and our ability to go after the huge 
service opportunities that exist. So we are really excited about it and as you know, that is a high margin part of 
our business. And obviously this is a logical extension of our current core business. 
When we look at this more as JCI and there is no question that this will increase our future organic sales into the 
building market and our ability to bundle both controls in the HVAC equipment and go after a larger segment of 
the overall market, it doubles our service network, meaning our service technicians we have in the field around 
the world a branch network goes from 330 to over 500. We have a presence now in 125 countries. So it's really a 
significant opportunity for us and as you know, doubles our controls business, roughly. 
When we look at the addressable market and where we historically participate and really in the upper end, the 
mission-critical, the highly complex buildings and so out of the $200 billion market as we define it we participate in 
50 to 60 million of that. And as you know, have been very successful, but with the combination of York all of a 
sudden that $200 billion we now become (indiscernible).

Page 18 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
So it's really exciting for us and -- in both the service and the merchant markets are growing faster and they are 
going to keep that $200 billion growing. And then when you look at the combination you can see there's just some 
real meaningful synergies that we can take advantage of both in the short-term as well as long-term growth for 
the new Company or new Controls group. 
As was mentioned in the press release we will acquire York for $56.50 per share. The transaction valued is $3.2 
billion including their debt. It will be an all-cash transaction. York's Board of Directors has unanimously 
recommended this to their shareholders in favor of the transaction. We expect the transaction to close by the end 
of this calendar year. 
For those of you who are on the call that don't know Johnson Controls, you can see our most recent performance 
over the last 10 years, our sales have grown at a compounded rate of 16%, 13% of that organically. Our 
operating income has grown; our net income has grown at even a faster rate at 18%. And you'll see we have had 
58 consecutive years of sales increase and I'm happy to say this'll be our 59th as well as 14 consecutive years of 
earnings increases and this will be our 15th. 
So not only have we increased dividends in the last 30 years but we have paid a dividend for 121 years. So 
something that we are very proud of and we know our shareholders appreciate that as well. 
When we look at acquisitions we really look at it as a platform for growth so that we don't look at an acquisition as 
growth in itself -- just to give us more capabilities, more technology, customers, geographic presence -- and so, 
we have done this over the years. We have always had acquisitions as part of our overall growth strategy; and we 
have done this in all 3 businesses so that when you look at each one of our businesses over 121 years, we've 
had some of this to help us propel us for the next 10 or 15. 
And that is why we are just so excited about York and what it means to all the regions of the world. So York is 
consistent with what we have done in the past and we are just excited about the opportunity. With that I'll turn it 
over to Steve. 
STEPHEN ROELL, VICE CHAIRMAN, EVP, JOHNSON CONRTOLS: Thank you John and good morning. I am 
going to go back and provide you with a profile of our existing controls business. Our revenues in 2005 will be just 
slightly less than $6 million. Our operating income at approximately 310 million. That's consistent with the 
guidance we have been providing to be the street. We have over 31,000 employees in our existing controls 
business. 
There are 3 lines of business. We talked primarily about systems installation, technical services and facilities 
management and maybe to break that down just for a second. in the systems installation side, we are really 
referring to our buildings automation system that automates a building's HVAC system. We use that acronym, 
HVAC, oftentimes in our communications. It pertains to heating, ventilating, and air-conditioning. That really is the 
core of what York provides. 
We also -- our systems are integrated with our building automation system where not only do we automate the 
HVAC business but lighting, security, and fire safety as well. 
Our technical services is characterized by operations and maintenance work that we do, scheduled maintenance 
and repair. Probably the best image of that would have to be the Truck Bay (ph) services. You see the jobs 
controls trucks in many municipalities and that's really the technical services that we provide to our various 
customers. 
Finally the facilities management business where or we have employees who provide on-site support for facilities' 
operations, and general building maintenance and services. Some of our largest customers will include IBM, 
Barclays, Agilent, and a number of the pharmaceutical companies. 
That give you a brief thumbnail sketch of our controls business. I am going to turn it over to David and let him 
provide you some information on York. 
DAVID MYERS, PRES., CEO, YORK INTERNATIONAL: Good morning. York's revenues are just under $5 billion 
annually. We have 24,000 employees. And we are the leader independent today as far as the HVAC&R markets 
globally. We are organized into 3 groups -- Global Applied, Unitary Products and Bristol. Global Applied is an 
international business. We have 3 segments -- the Americas, the EMEA and Asia. We are leaders in the 
equipment markets which is primarily commercial and industrial air-conditioning, industrial refrigeration, and 
global services. Our Unitary Products group is focused on the U.S. and Canada, residential and light commercial

Page 19 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
applications. Bristol Compressors is the fourth component supplier compressors to the Unitary Products market in 
the U.S. as well as window unit applications globally. 
We design, manufacture, and sell a wide variety of products that support that industry. We have an extremely 
diverse customer base. We support almost every type of industry globally. We have excellent brand names in our 
markets that are in leading positions and highly recognized. We have operations and support our customers in 
more than 125 countries. We have 26 manufacturing facilities globally. 
STEPHEN ROELL: This is Steve again. I'm just going to comment on the combination itself. The combination of 
Johnson Controls and York provide just a number of important opportunities for us. First of all we will have a 
much expanded capability through leveraging each other's strengths as we think about the large growing $200 
billion global market. As John mentioned earlier, this increases our capability and capacity relative to the 
fast-growing service market. Allows us to leverage each other's regional strengths. We're going to spend some 
time talking about that but that is a critical element of our growth outlook. 
Finally if you look at just the complementary capabilities that we have relative to supplying each other's products 
and services, there's tremendous leverage from that commendation. 
Dave, why don't you talk about the global buildings environment markets? 
DAVID MYERS: Sure. The global market is approximately $200 billion. It is a very strong market in every region 
of the world. The markets overall are generally improving and we're seeing strengthening activity in almost all 
regions. The market is very large in equipment but also importantly it is very strong in service and the facilities 
capability that both Johnson and York participate in. 
York, specifically, has very significant strength from China, Latin America, the Middle East and central Europe 
driven by leading positions in our investor applications and growth into those markets early in their development. 
Just a few examples. Our business in China is the leader in large equipment capabilities. We have started a 
(indiscernible) operation that began in 1995 and we've grown that into the market leader. 
We have also invested heavily in building a support network that mirrors our capabilities elsewhere in the world 
and have more than 36 sales and services offices now throughout China. One of the keys to that is that today 
China is predominantly a new equipment market. 5, 10, 15 years as the maturity of that equipment continues we 
will see the services and aftermarket capabilities match what we do elsewhere in the world. Very strong growth 
opportunity and we are building an infrastructure to support that. 
In Latin America the markets are stable and strong throughout the region. We see a tremendous growth in the 
activity supporting food processing capabilities particularly in Brazil. And as a leader in industrial refrigeration we 
are expecting significant growth this year, and continuing into the near future. 
Also in the Middle East, York has a leading position in large equipment and that market is expected to grow 2 to 3 
times over the next 3 to 4 years. There is a tremendous amount of infrastructure investment taking place and we 
anticipate York being more than 50% of the activity in the region. We have a very strong leading position in many 
growing markets. 
The key to the market is also a trend towards the integration of all the solutions to be provided to customers. 
Traditionally, there was a lot of activity that talked about selling equipment independently, controls independently 
as well as many other activities. Today a customer wants a solution and there is a growing trend towards their 
demand of having the combined capability to be provided to them. We see that evolving in all markets at different 
stages. 
STEPHEN ROELL: Turning to the service opportunity we described the $200 billion market we need to point out 
that 130 billion of that result is really related to the service business associated with HVAC and other parts of 
building services. 
It's a rapidly growing market for both Johnson Controls and York. Dave, if I'm correct, I think your growth in the 
last 2 quarters has been 11% followed by 19%. So there's strong growth there from the York organizations as well 
as what we have described historically by JCI. 
We've described previously also it is a very fragmented market. There's no competitor that has more than 5% of 
the global building service market. Clearly we believe, therefore, it is an opportunity for us to penetrate. 
We like the financial characteristics. Obviously in service it's a higher margin business. It has good cash flows and 
it has reoccurring revenues or -- in other words -- stability. The key to the service opportunity is local leadership.

Page 20 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
As I will describe a little bit later the combination of our 2 branch networks and our global reach provides us some 
great local capability and broad geographic capabilities. 
Finally as to the combination of our two organizations allows us to develop a scale in terms of our delivery 
systems, our supporting IT in tools as well as procurement. So those are all critical elements of how we think we 
can benefit from the growing service opportunities. 
DAVID MYERS: It will be a very complementary capability and I will speak to product design and pass it back to 
Steve. One of the keys to that is really the strength of JCI and the controls design capability -- clearly world 
leaders highly recognize them as market. York has that leadership position in equipment and that combined 
activity really is going to deliver a tremendous benefit to our customer who is seeking solutions. Today we often 
call on that same customer. York to sell equipment and ultimately to service it, Johnson to sell controls and 
ultimately to support that. 
The customer will have 1 number to call, will have an integrated solution. We can deliver tremendous combined 
value while doing it in a cost-effective way for York. 
STEPHEN ROELL: I think if you look not only do we -- we have complementary capabilities but we can also build 
on each other's strengths. So the example we have there is the branch network and our service capabilities that I 
just described. If you look at the combined strengths of those -- of our 2 organizations we just believe that from 
the standpoint of our ability to bring efficiency and a broad range of services to our customers, is really 
unparalleled in the industry. 
With that I'll turn it over to Bruce. 
BRUCE MCDONALD, VP, CFO, JOHNSON CONRTOLS: Let me just summarize the detailed transactions from a 
financial perspective. As we have indicated on our press release the transaction, the value was about 3.2 billion 
which includes approximately 800 million of debt that we will assume. The price per share 56.50 is an all-cash 
transaction. The multiple that we are paying is 12 times York's EBITDA according to the First Call estimates for 
2005. 
Again as we indicated in our press release we do expect that this transactionally modestly accretive to Johnson 
Controls in our fiscal 2006. I think it is important to note for the listeners here today that Johnson Controls has a 
September 30th year-end. We expect the transaction to close in December 2005 so fiscal 2006 will only be a 
nine-month period. 
As I said closing, we expect December 2005, it's a cash merger so it's subject to a York shareholder vote. We 
don't anticipate any regulatory issues at all in terms of antitrust due to the complementary nature of both 
businesses. 
In terms of our financing strategy, we are going to initially finance the acquisition with commercial paper. Shortly 
after the closing we expect to replace the acquisition related commercial paper with a blended profile of debt. We 
plan on going across the full maturity profile here and providing us with flexibility to enable us to repay that debt 
with some substantial cash flow we expect the transaction will bring over the first 2 or 3 years. 
Our goal and our strategy, historically, is being maintain a 50-50 fixed to floating ratio. That we plan on continuing 
that with this transaction and in terms of our models and the guidance we are giving for accretive earnings we are 
assuming an all in interest expense of about 5.25%. 
I guess I should also mention that we met with all 3 of the rating agencies -- Fitch, Standard and Poor's, and 
Moody's -- earlier this week. We are working with them and talking about our ratings. We expect that our strong 
cash flows will let us maintain our current A level ratings. 
In terms of synergies from the transaction, I think it is important to note before I get into the details of the 
synergies that Johnson Controls has demonstrated a strong track record of buying businesses and growing with 
them. We have a proven integration process for identifying and delivering substantial synergies from previous 
transactions. But just break the $275 million that we've quoted externally, we see about 175 million of those 
synergies coming from costs. That was really coming (ph) as a result of elimination of duplicate of administrative 
functions. 
Looking at the global manufacturing footprint and the resulting business we will have, capitalizing on the 
substantial purchasing economies of scale, generating efficiencies in our service business and those will be

Page 21 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
achieved by being able to take advantage of density or customer concentration in local markets and expanding 
the use of York connect technology across a wider customer base. 
Lastly but importantly, we do expect this transaction will enable us to lower our global effective cash tax rate. That 
will be driven by tax efficient structuring and financing, and also a complementary earnings program in certain 
foreign jurisdictions. 
In terms of the revenue synergies, we have identified at least $100 million coming through there. That's the 
bottom line number. Those really come as a result of bundling our controls on to York's equipment. That is 
something we can start doing today. We also expect that we will be able to sell York's HVAC equipment to 
existing Johnson Controls customers, and also our Controls technology to York's existing customers. I think it is 
worthy to note that both companies already have the ability to buy each one another's product so we think that 
they should be fairly easy for us to achieve as we go forward here. 
Also we've talked a lot about service. The opportunity to sell complementary services to each other's customers is 
expected to drive our topline growth in that business; and then as Dave indicated substantial opportunities for 
both companies to access new geographic markets. As Dave indicated, York has a leading position in China, 
India, Russia, the Middle East, South and Latin America. In terms of Johnson Controls, we bring a leading market 
position in Japan. Putting those 2 businesses together offer us the ability to capitalize on each other's strengths. 
As we wind up our integration process, we expect the 275 million will likely grow; but with the amount of planning 
that we have done on a preliminary basis here, we are highly confident of that $275 million we're using here. 
Lastly, in terms of the robust business mix that this transaction brings to Johnson Controls, the fact that all of our 
3 businesses will be leaders in their respective industries, we believe that the cost synergies and the revenue 
benefits this transaction will deliver and the highly fragmented market will continue us, to allow us to deliver our 
longer-term financial targets of double-digit sales and earnings growth and cash flow from this transaction will 
quickly let us get back to the debt to total cap target of 35 to 40%. 
I know we have been somewhat vague in terms of our synergy guidance in the phasing. Our 2006 guidance 
which is scheduled for in New York in October 11, 2005 will provide a lot more granularity vis a vis the phasing of 
those synergies, integration costs and other key assumptions. So with that, I'll turn it back to John Barth. 
JOHN BARTH: So as you can see from the comments and presentations here, bringing York and JCI together 
really creates just a dynamite global building industry position for us. I mean it is a strong, strong combination. 
Our sales roughly double from 6 billion to 11 and when we look at the manufacturing expertise that we have in the 
Company and prior to York, we have over 300 manufacturing plants around the world. 
Obviously with the product business and what York brings to JCI they certainly have manufacturing expertise as 
well; but if you look at what we have done with our automotive and our battery group -- and really one of the 
reasons we've been able to differentiate ourselves and (indiscernible) we have done for many years. We look 
forward to bringing these 2 organizations together. Obviously it provides end to end capabilities to enhance our 
service growth and what I mean by that through the controls -- fires, security, HVAC -- and then all the way 
through the maintain, repair, and replace. A great opportunity for us. 
When you look at the cost synergies that Bruce was talking about, and also the revenue synergies. We have a 
proven track record; we have done this time and time again and whether we have been able to execute and 
deliver on the commitments that we have made to ourselves and our customers. Then we just have a strong 
management team in place. When I look at Dave and his organization and our Controls group I think we just -- 
bringing those 2 organizations will be second to none and obviously be obviously the cultures of our two 
companies were something we spent a lot of time on. Because we wanted to make certain that there was a great 
fit here from the chemistry standpoint. They have been around for 130 years. We have been around for 121 years 
and so the commitment to the customer is second to none and we are just really excited about that. 
When you look further at the Company and look now at the balance going forward here, prior to our sales this 
year on a pro forma basis of 28 billion afterwards 33 billion, 69% this year will be automotive, after the acquisition 
that will be reduced to 59%. When you look on the bottom line or the operating income, it will be 4 -- 53%. It was 
automotive after this acquisition. That will be reduced to 47% and then when the synergies kicked in, that both, 
that all 3 gentlemen talked about we look to go back to 40%. 
That doesn't mean at all that we're backing away from the other 2 businesses, just the mix and the Company is 
getting so much better and stronger. So when I look at our 3 businesses today and see where we are positioned 
and let me just start with our automotive group and the automotive (indiscernible) and careers business.

Page 22 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Without a question we are the market leader. We are global, we supply everybody -- innovation, technology, and 
our focus on cost profit and execution. 
When I look at our battery group and what we have done in the last 2 or 3 or 4 years from a North America focus 
to where we truly have a strong position in all the Americas, throughout Europe and now -- more recently -- with 
the Delphi acquisition in the China and Korea. 
So our ability to expand that and drive our costs and technology throughout the world, again, is a very strong 
leading position. 
Now when I look at the new Controls group or the building environments business end and where we are after the 
combination of York and JCI, again, its second to none. We will be the leading business in the world. So we are 
just in a very advantageous position and we have the financial strength to continue to invest, continue to 
differentiate ourselves and grow those business. So we are really excited about it. We are excited about it for our 
customers, certainly our employees, our suppliers and we are sure our shareholders will benefit from this as well. 
So with that -- . 
DENISE ZUTZ: Operator we will go to questions. 
OPERATOR: (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Mike Bruynesteyn, Prudential. 
MICHAEL BRUYNESTEYN, ANALYST, PRUDENTIAL: Congratulations on getting this -- on this announcement. 
In the context for JCI management, in the context of the mix of your businesses -- which is clearly changing -- 
how do you think about maximizing shareholder value in terms of the market multiple for shareholders because it 
seems like the market is going to pay more for the Controls type businesses than it is for automotive? 
JOHN BARTH: When we look at all 3 businesses and how we are positioning those and I mean, yes -- 
automotive, this is a tough environment -- but I mean as I mentioned in the past there's gold and all that. We 
continue to grow and we are going to continue to invest. When you look at battery and -- you can see how we 
have now broken that out in the margins in that business and that is because we are the cost leader and the 
technology leader. Now when you look at what we've done with our Controls business and the combination of 
these 2 bringing new technology, new geographic markets and the ability to cross-sell or our customers to 
cross-purchase between the 2 organizations, I mean, we think the multiple will take care of itself. I mean we're 
going to make a lot of money in this business and we're going to grow a lot. 
MICHAEL BRUYNESTEYN: A question for Mr. Myers. Who initiated this transaction? And did York speak with 
other potential buyers before settling on grouping with JCI? 
DAVID MYERS: JCI and York have a long history of working together in the marketplace. We see each other 
often and have had a great relationship. Johnson did approach us with an interest in considering York as part of 
their family and we began the discussions from there. We did not go through a sale process beyond the Johnson 
discussion. 
MICHAEL BRUYNESTEYN: What would be the sales growth outlook for York for the next, say, 2 or 3 years? 
DAVID MYERS: We have given some general industry guidelines for the next years. We have no commitment or 
comments on 2006 at this time. Generally, what we see is large equipment markets regionally at different levels. 
Asia will grow in the double-digit expectations. I mentioned the Middle East earlier which could double or triple the 
entire large tonnage market in the next 3 to 4 years. Our anticipation of Europe was slightly down and the 
Americas, strong and getting better. 
OPERATOR: Chris Ceraso. 
CHRIS CERASO, ANALYST, CSFB: Couple of questions. What are the plans for the Bristol Compressor 
business? Is that something that you intend to keep as part of the overall fold here? 
JOHN BARTH: Obviously we acquired York and Bristol is part of the business we acquired. So we plan to 
integrate that and manage these businesses. 
CHRIS CERASO: When you talked about the opportunities for service, within York, it seems that the service 
business maybe had a tough year or maybe some room to improve profitability. What are the plans to get the 
profit margins and the service business there to move higher?

Page 23 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
STEPHEN ROELL: This is Steve and I'm going to turn it over to David in just a second; but as we described I 
think the last 2 quarters, the service growth at York has really been very impressive and I think some of the 
investments that Dave talked about are really the key to what has turned that around. So Dave I will let you 
describe those. 
DAVID MYERS: For a long period of time the growth in both earnings and revenues to our service business has 
simply been outstanding. In 2004, we had a challenge based upon the implementation of a completely automated 
service capability throughout our North American operation. We had a challenge absorbing that at an impacted 
Q3 and Q4 of last year. As Steve described, we grew at 11.3% in that business Q1, we at grew at 19% in Q2 and 
our overall service businesses globally are growing quickly. The key is the automation capability that brings from 
a standpoint of productivity, improving our cost structure and delivery capabilities as well as the benefits to the 
customers through increased capability at all levels. 
CHRIS CERASO: If you look at the York business on a normalized or sustainable basis, what do you think is an 
appropriate operating margin to consider as a sustainable or achievable level for the York business? 
BRUCE MCDONALD: This is Bruce McDonald here. I don't think we really want to get into what York or what our 
old Controls business looked like here from a margins point of view. I think we will wait until we get to our October 
guidance. We will show what the new combined entity looks like and overlay the synergies and costs onto that. 
CHRIS CERASO: Last one. You mentioned the potential for a lower effective tax rate as part of the cost 
synergies. How much of the 175 would you assign to the tax benefit? 
BRUCE MCDONALD: We are still working through some of the details. I would say right now we expect Johnson 
Controls' overall tax rate for next year will drop 1 to 2% as of this transaction. 
OPERATOR: Mike Heifler. 
MIKE HEIFLER, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Just want to follow-up on that margin question. Maybe just ask it 
a different way. If I look, historically, at York's margins it seems like they have lagged the peers and I'm just 
wondering if there is a structural reason? Maybe business mix or a manufacturing footprint that that is the case or 
is this something that over time you should be able to get margins to the peer (ph) level? 
DAVID MYERS: We have tremendous opportunity in all the businesses. One of the biggest challenges we've 
faced over the past 5 years that the most economically impacted element of the market that we've seen has been 
the large tonnage equipment. Our share is generally higher the larger the size of the equipment. We have had a 
challenging market condition in Europe and the Americas and also we had some portfolio differences from Trane 
and Carrier who you are comparing us to. And you see that gap closing over the past couple of years. 
JOHN BARTH: If I can just add to what Dave talked about as well -- this is John Barth. When you look at our 
Controls business now going from 6 to 11, when you look at the synergies that I described relative to the 
manufacturing know-how and capabilities and processes; when you look at our purchasing and the leverage that 
we will get through the commodity purchasing and so forth because York now becomes part of a $28 billion 
company and so we buy a lot of that same staff throughout the Company. So just a natural leverage and 
synergies that will come as a result of that. They will flow both ways. I'm sure there's some cases where Dave 
and his team do better and there are some cases where our folks do better but I tell you what. We are going to 
leverage the best of the best here and so there are just some natural opportunities that we are going to be able to 
take advantage of. 
STEPHEN ROELL: I think also as we talk about service and the fact that it is higher margin business and our 
focus on that I think that's also over time you are going to certainly help our margins. 
MIKE HEIFLER: I understand that if you look at services, the market is very fragmented but if you just look at the 
mechanical components can you talk about York's market share in HVAC and refrigeration? 
DAVID MYERS: From the standpoint of overall equipment as I commented earlier we have never given numbers 
specifically. I don't know if Johnson's do. We generally have large shares and large tonnage markets around the 
world in industrial refrigeration globally and strong shares in all of the commercial markets that we participate in 
from an equipment perspective. 
In service as Steve mentioned earlier, no individual player has more than 5% of the market. We believe we are 
the leading service provider worldwide in HVAC and we do extremely well and have excellent presence and 
coverage.

Page 24 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
MIKE HEIFLER: Would you characterize large shares as being in excess of 20% or -- ? 
DAVID MYERS: In those cases, yes. 
MIKE HEIFLER: On the deal, is there a breakup fee here? 
BRUCE MCDONALD: Yes, there is a 3% breakup fee. 
OPERATOR: Joseph Amaturo. 
JOSEPH AMATURO, ANALYST, CALYON SECURITIES/CREDIT LYONNAIS: I was wondering if you could 
address how dependent the pro forma Controls business is going to be on non-residential/residential 
construction? 
STEPHEN ROELL: Well if you look at -- let's start with our own business here before we combine York. If you 
look at our -- what is called installation. The smallest piece of that is really our destruction (ph) dependency. If you 
go and look at our controls and operation in terms of our retrofitting our work we do in installation, that is our 
largest and our largest growing market. And I would tell you I guess if you look at the vertical markets we serve -- 
and our exposure is in the health care, the school markets, commercial buildings -- the outlook for those is very 
positive. So we feel good about those from a standpoint of new construction exposure. Dave, maybe you'd like to 
talk on -- ? 
DAVID MYERS: Yes I want to comment on the residential equipment side just to reference general housing starts 
are less than 2 million individual housing starts in 2005. The industry sells more than 7 million 
compressor-bearing units. Today between 75 and 80% of the equipment sold into the residential market is 
replacement. Housing starts have a lower and lower effect every year as there is more maturity in the market. 
JOSEPH AMATURO: So 80% of that residential business, 75% 80% of that is just to replace -- ? 
DAVID MYERS: That is replacement. That's correct. 
JOSEPH AMATURO: One additional question. I don't know -- with respect to SG&A for Johnson Controls' control 
business and how does that compare to York's SG&A levels? 
BRUCE MCDONALD: That's just -- we don't tend to give SG&A information out by our business segments. So -- . 
STEPHEN ROELL: Probably just -- maybe just got directionally, though, you think about the business, York has a 
much stronger manufacturing component. For probably in that part of their business a lower SG&A. Our service 
businesses probably have some more type SG&A characteristics I would assume, but just directionally that's what 
I would describe to you. 
OPERATOR: Martin Sankey. 
MARTIN SANKEY, ANALYST, NEUBERGER BERMAN: First of all I would like to compliment the industrial logic 
that is driving your merger and congratulate you for realizing it. But I would like to ask a Devil's Advocate kind of 
question. Historically these kinds of synergies have existed for a long time between the building controls and the 
HVAC manufacturers. But there was always the counterargument that the HVAC company would stand to lose 
more business by being aligned with a major controls manufacturing than to gain from that alliance. I guess, 
because the other companies might decide to direct business away. Did you -- how do you address that 
counterargument? 
DAVID MYERS: Martin, this is Dave. Your observations are consistent with some of the past discussions but as I 
discussed earlier the market trends are clearly changing. Customers want a solution. Today a combined 
integrated offering is very effective and I don't believe there is going to be a dramatic impact by the type of 
equipment or the type of controls that are involved in that. In those cases we may make exceptions but the 
combination of the bundled offering and the capabilities Johnson and York combined will be able to provide is 
outstanding. There's a strong maturity with our businesses from the standpoint of the installed base with both 
Johnson and York. Very highly recognized in the market trends towards the integrated solutions is very evident. 
MARTIN SANKEY: So you feel the gain versus lost dynamic has changed in the last couple of years? 
DAVID MYERS: Absolutely and for many years -- I can speak from the York perspective -- our objective was to 
sell equipment and services. Our participation in controls was only necessitated as that's what it took to get the

Page 25 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
customer. Johnson's didn't always have an equipment offering and so just on the controls capability I think in this 
situation when there is a mutual benefit to delivering what customer wants there is tremendous upside. 
JOHN BARTH: If you just look at the overall now we participate in $200 billion worth of opportunities with the 2 
companies. So I just think the growth opportunities that exist with the combination will well outweigh and I also -- I 
mean, we also are very confident relative to the synergies and the integration of these 2 organizations. I mean, it 
is something we have a long history of and we are going to do it well. 
STEPHEN ROELL: I think that we would say that what we bring together Martin from your standpoint I think 
there's a commercial reason for doing this. There's also an economic reason. I mean the efficiencies we can bring 
to the customer are significant. And that is really -- that's just what makes sense. 
DAVID MYERS: And also internationally a lot of these capabilities may not be available in many of the markets. 
We are going to be delivering something that is cutting-edge that isn't there today. 
MARTIN SANKEY: On a slightly different front, one of the things that was mentioned during the course of the 
presentation was the ability as a synergy was the ability to spread the York, connect that technology across a 
larger platform. I guess what that means is that you would consider the York connect technology to be state of the 
art and that is what is going to -- the IT platform is what is going to end up dominating the combined entity service 
operations? 
STEPHEN ROELL: We still have some things to learn but what we do know of the York connect and how it 
empowers the front-line provider with the ability to access information and configurations pricing and the 
standpoint of uploading information for billing purposes is superior than what we have at JCI right now. We think 
that your statement the IT organization system they put together is superior and we look forward to seeing how 
we can deploy that at a broader base. 
Dave, it might be interesting to talk about how York connect has helped you with multi-site lines. 
DAVID MYERS: York connect has really taken our service business from a very manual process and coming from 
a historical basis, servicing large installed plant rooms, we were able to survive that way. As we have evolved into 
going after commercial service multi-site customers we needed to do that cost-effectively through automation. We 
embarked on this process 3 or 4 years ago. It's now implemented, up and running fine and what we can do is 
cover clients' sites nationally, globally and in many cases that may range from 1000 to 5000 sites, all at the same 
standard level of performance, fully automated, paperless in many cases, the technicians work with handheld 
devices and have all the technical information, history of the job, pricing, activities right in front of them. 
So productivity, the value chain as far as the billing cycle, the days outstanding, cash flow have greatly improved. 
On top of that there's tremendous benefit to the customer from the standpoint of the capabilities we provide for 
response times, for their ability to get access to information and for their ability to monitor progress and manage 
their stores. 
OPERATOR: Robert Barry, Goldman Sachs. 
ROBERT BARRY, ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS: Congratulations. I was wondering if you could talk about the 
refrigeration business and how you see it playing out. Going forward it seems less synergistic with that API (ph) 
control business. 
STEPHEN ROELL: Let me comment first. If you think about that refrigeration business in Europe, the markets 
that it serves are large food processing and pharmaceutical. And if you think about where our mission-critical 
capabilities are and our controls business that's a sweet spot we talk about all the time. So think about it in that 
context. Gives us a chance again to talk to a broader vertical market than we've ever been able to in the past. 
Pharmaceuticals as I mentioned, we have a great presence at facility management. Just from a control standpoint 
building controls not a nation (ph) . Those are markets that are critical to us. 
DAVID MYERS: Our industrial refrigeration business has a strong aftermarket element to it. There's a lot of 
service work that has been included in the activities that York does for air-conditioning and as Steve pointed out it 
is a very controlled environment. It is all processing activity which is an excellent dovetail to Johnson's 
capabilities. 
ROBERT BARRY: I was wondering if you can comment a little bit on valuation to the extent possible. I know it's 
difficult. But maybe share what your approach was -- it just seems at first blush to be a little bit of a premium 35% 
of the stock price considering there is no bidding war here?

Page 26 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
JOHN BARTH: It all -- it would begin with growth. I mean when we looked at how we wanted to position our 
controls group in putting some complementary capabilities in place with that tool allowed us to go from the 50 
billion market that we participated in to the 200 and as Dave and ourselves got together and we identified what 
value we could create in the market. And all of a sudden we realized that there's some real costs synergies in 
providing more value and doing more for the customer at less cost so all of a sudden on the first blush year, we 
came up with $275 million of synergies that we have committed to and are going forward with. So I think first of 
all, begins with growth and then secondly it begins with the synergies that can be created. And I think if you 
looked at other deals that have been done in this industry we are not really out of line with those but this will stand 
on its own merits. We are very confident and pleased with the final agreement with York. 
ROBERT BARRY: Do you see any other potential bidders merging at this point? 
JOHN BARTH: I can't comment on that but what I can say is that the synergies that exist between York and 
Johnson Controls that we have been describing I believe are second to none. 
ROBERT BARRY: Last question, in terms of steel and its impact on York's business and how you see that playing 
out? How relevant it is? 
JOHN BARTH: I think when you look at all the commodity pressures and obviously York as well as their other 
competitors absorb some costs over time. No different than we have in our business in all 3 of our businesses. 
And so but I think when you look at JCI and the amount of commodities that we buy and the amount of fuel that 
we buy just in our automotive business combine that with York, our ability to influence and impact that could be 
pretty significant. So I would be highly disappointed if we really can't find some additional synergies beyond where 
we are today through just the whole procurement purchasing process. 
ROBERT BARRY: Could you tell us what percent of York's revenue is related to steel? 
STEPHEN ROELL: No. I don't know if we have that. I'm not sure that would be relevant because of revenue. I 
guess I would tell you that, Robert, there's some information out there. I don't have time to go through it but if you 
look at the industry itself, the HVAC industry, their ability to absorb and recover costs are quite a bit different than 
the automotive industry. So I would just ask that you look at that and you will find that you can't really mimic that. 
If you are thinking about how automotive was impacted this past year. 
OPERATOR: Himanshu Patel, J.P. Morgan. 
HIMANSHU PATEL, ANALYST, J.P. MORGAN: I had a question I guess for Dave. Could you characterize for us 
where we are in the commercial equipment HVAC cycle? 
DAVID MYERS: I think what we see, again, different by regions of the world but, generally, we see strength and 
steady improvement in all the light and commercial markets. The large tonnage equipment, the largest things that 
we do are flat and we see it getting better. So we are confident we are in an upward tick and you will see 
improvement in '06 and beyond. However all the commercial markets is a majority of what we do, we are seeing 
improvement. 
HIMANSHU PATEL: When did the large market peak last? Which year was it? 
DAVID MYERS: Peak was 2000 and in 2004 the collective large tonnage market in the U.S. was down 40%. 
HIMANSHU PATEL: From the 2000 peak? 
DAVID MYERS: 2000 peak. 
HIMANSHU PATEL: I guess a question for John. This is obviously quite a sizable acquisition away from the 
automotive space. When you think going forward A, is there other M&A on the horizon or is this it for the 
foreseeable future? If so is there still an appetite to bulk up more on the control side? 
JOHN BARTH: Again, when you look at the Company at a post York here and I think the diversity in the mix we 
have, I mean we are a much stronger company going forward. Relative to the 3 businesses and whether the 
automotive interiors or battery business, which you know is 80% aftermarket so it's a great business and now 
control. So yes we are going to continue to complement these -- where an acquisition makes sense we will 
continue to consider it.

Page 27 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
HIMANSHU PATEL: I am just wondering on the automotive side there, there's obviously a lot of assets out there 
now that are probably at decent prices. Are those things that at this point are just not a consideration for the 
Company? 
JOHN BARTH: I guess I would go back. We are not interested in distressed assets and we are not interested in 
investing in something that strategically doesn't fit with a company. If there is some strategic and growth 
opportunities for us, we would consider and a lot of what I think you are describing, there are distressed 
opportunities. And that hasn't been part of our history and won't be going forward. 
HIMANSHU PATEL: I guess the last question for Dave again. I think global applied was the 1 division where your 
margins were a lot lower than the other 2. Is that -- what's the (indiscernible)? I can understand that the cycle is 
down from its peak in 2000, but have you had trouble trying to take capacity out? Or is this just the type of 
business where it's too cumbersome to remove capacity and try to add it back in, that you just have to weather 
the cycle's up-and-down? Just trying to understand. Is it really all just a revenue issue? Or is there a cost issue 
there as well that you haven't been able to address fully yet? 
DAVID MYERS: I think the market impact has been significant. We also bore the commodity cost increases over 
the past few years and while we are getting pricing and doing extremely well now with our backlogs being 
anywhere from 3 to 9 months, it takes a while for that cycle to run through. We have taken aggressive action on 
the majority of our manufacturing sites around the world over the past 5 years and we have reduced more than 
40% of the number of facilities that we had at that peak in 2000. 
We believe we are very well-positioned and we see the market materialize and begin to show improvement and 
we think the cost structure always has opportunities but is in very good position. 
JOHN BARTH: I would just add to what Dave said. Being part of now Johnson Controls and if you look at our 
manufacturing and our global footprint how we manage these businesses and how we are driving to low cost 
country sourcing and manufacturing and so forth. I mean it's part of our heritage so that all of a sudden when 
Dave's -- when York is now part of JCI we have a whole lot more combinations and opportunities than when you 
are York by itself. I mean they've done a great job in managing that business with the alternatives they've had but 
now all of a sudden with part of JCI, I mean, all of a sudden we look at this much differently and our 
aggressiveness and our ability to focus and make decisions on a timely basis will be much better, I believe. 
OPERATOR: Brian Jacoby, Goldman Sachs. 
BRIAN JACOBY, ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS: Couple quick questions. One, do you intend to assume and 
guarantee York's debt? 
BRUCE MCDONALD: This is Bruce McDonald speaking. There are 3 notes outstanding and, yes, we do plan -- 
500 million, we do plan on assuming those and depending on the final structure of the transaction we will likely 
guarantee those. 
BRIAN JACOBY: And then will you still have a holding company for York or will you dissolve that? 
BRUCE MCDONALD: We are still working that; we haven't decided that yet. 
BRIAN JACOBY: And respective for this transaction going forward the level of free cash flow. Obviously the rating 
agencies sound like they're definitely going to give you the benefit of the doubt here and keep you in the single A 
category. But the leverage numbers do move up substantially which kind of implies you need to at least pay down 
maybe about 500 million a year in debt once this deal closes. Is that kind of the type of level of debt reduction you 
think you can achieve? 
BRUCE MCDONALD: We have had -- our past level of free cash flow is in excess of that and we expect that it is 
also this transaction that our free cash flow will accelerate from our prior levels and not go down. 
BRIAN JACOBY: Okay, so that's roughly within the next couple of years you expect to get down to that 35 to 40% 
debt leverage number. 
BRUCE MCDONALD: We expect that within a year we will be in that band. 
OPERATOR: Rich Kwas, Wachovia. 
RICH KWAS, ANALYST, WACHOVIA: David, just wanted to ask you. How centralized is your branch network? 
Just wanted to get a sense how you work things compared to JCI.

Page 28 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
DAVID MYERS: As we described the York connect system earlier today we have local presence activity, decision 
making with customers, but it is very automated as far as the backroom capabilities that supports those 
businesses. So I would say it centralizes the areas where there is productivity gains and value in supporting 
customers in our businesses, it's very localized from the standpoint of the customer relationships and the 
commitments we have. 
RICH KWAS: And that technology you said is fully implemented? 
DAVID MYERS: In the U.S., that is correct. 
RICH KWAS: What are your plants outside? 
DAVID MYERS: The goals long-term would be to deploy that into all other markets where makes sense to do so. 
Clearly, we will have to evaluate that as we discussed the Johnson relationship and how we work the best system 
for the markets we have. 
RICH KWAS: On customer overlap I think you've mentioned that there's not too much -- could you put some 
numbers around that? 
STEPHEN ROELL: We don't have that information right now. 
OPERATOR: Jon Steinmetz, Morgan Stanley. 
JON STEINMETZ, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: You laid out about 5 cost synergies and 5 revenue 
synergies. If you had to isolate one that was most significant financially in each category which one would you 
pick? 
BRUCE MCDONALD: I think I guess, obviously, some are larger than other ones but I wouldn't want to say one or 
any of them is more significant than the other. We need to deliver on all of these points to deliver the 275 million 
and that is what we will commit to do. 
JON STEINMETZ: When you talked about the tax planning and the reduction in the overall JCI rate of 1 to 2%, 
could you collaborate a little more on some of the items? You mention the complementary country profile etc. and 
how exactly you are going to get that rate down? 
DAVID MYERS: There are really 3 bullets sub-bullets. One is we have NOLs or York has NOLs in certain 
countries where we put the two businesses together one of us makes money and the other had historic losses. 
So that means that we put the entity together in those countries where they will use those losses and effectively 
generate a zero tax rate for 2 or 3 years. 
Longer-term, the real bang for the buck comes in the way we structure the transactions to get either -- push some 
of the goodwill on the transaction into foreign jurisdictions where we can get tax deductibility and, also, by 
allocating some of the purchase price, to certain (indiscernible) jurisdictions will enable us to get double interest 
rate deduction. 
JON STEINMETZ: Lastly you mentioned using considerable cash flow, free cash flow from this transaction alone. 
Obviously along with the other to help pay down the debt but do you care to give any forecast as to how much 
this and isolation you think can contribute the next 2 or 3 years? 
DAVID MYERS: No, we are just going to focus on the total Company's cash flow here. As we integrate the 2 
businesses it's very difficult to track what came out of York and what came out of Johnson Controls because as 
you can appreciate generate these synergies we have to integrates a lot of the pieces of various businesses. 
(MULTIPLE SPEAKERS) Difficult to track going forward. 
OPERATOR: John Chapman, KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
JOHN CHAPMAN, ANALYST, KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS: I guess my question is, certainly you've talked a 
lot about the commercial equipment side and commercial service side is certainly York has a residential HVAC 
business. Can you talk about where Johnson Controls stands relative to residential and what the growth 
opportunity is on the residential side? 
JOHN BARTH: Obviously that is all new opportunities for us and that business is doing quite well with York today. 
Again, when you look at I think the combined companies going forward and what that means to us. And so again, 
I think that we will look at that together a whole lot differently. So we are excited about it.

Page 29 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
JOHN CHAPMAN: And then also, York has talked quite a bit about their multi-site national service program that 
they have embarked on which seems to focus more on smaller stand-alone buildings like drugstores, restaurants, 
et cetera. Can you talk about where Johnson Controls lies in that market as well and how that York strategy plays 
into this synergy opportunity? 
STEPHEN ROELL: Sure. This is Steve. If you look at some of the clients you just described there, they're typically 
going to be retail outlets -- The Gap, CVS Pharmacy, things of that nature. We do not have a strong presence in 
that I'll call it light commercial market. It is a market we have identified in our strategies and talked about in the 
past that we would like to have a greater presence. So this really with our product and with their presence, we 
think this is a great opportunity for us to grow into that market. It's not one that we are strong at, but certainly one 
we would like to target. 
OPERATOR: David Leiker, Robert Baird. 
DAVID LEIKER, ANALYST, ROBERT BAIRD: This $200 billion market you talk about, can you -- you threw out a 
couple of different numbers, but can you break that down between equipment and services? 
STEPHEN ROELL: Well, what we said is David of 200 billion, 130 billion of that is service related. 
DAVID LEIKER: And did you say before that -- I think John had said that you were selling into a $55 to $60 billion 
dollar services market? 
DENISE ZUTZ: Controls market, which includes equipment as well as services (MULTIPLE SPEAKERS) fire 
safety, security. 
DAVID LEIKER: Of that 200? 
DENISE ZUTZ: Right. 
DAVID LEIKER: I understand, thanks. 
UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: (indiscernible) confusion David, hopefully have that helps. 
DAVID LEIKER: It does; it's easy to do sometimes though. For the synergies that you're talking about, your 
comments that this would be modestly accretive to fiscal '06 assumes how much of those synergies fall through in 
'06? 
JOHN BARTH: We will get into that more in October, David. What you have to think about is, we certainly expect 
to generate some of the cost savings quickly. But you need also factor in some of the integration cost that we are 
going to have, some of the amortization on the intangible assets associated with the transaction and other 
acquisition accounting items. We'll lay that out in a lot more detail in October because it's just a lot of preliminary 
analysis on some of those other items right now. 
UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Yes, I think Bruce has done a good job of going through with 
your team and identifying those elements and that gave the confidence to be able to make the statement that we 
provided to you regarding the modestly accretive. 
DAVID LEIKER: Okay. And then if I model this with getting modestly accretive in fiscal '06 or that $3.2 billion 
purchase price, it looks like the return on capital of York is going to be several hundred basis points below 
Johnson Controls. 
JOHN BARTH: That's correct on day one. 
DAVID LEIKER: And with these synergies along with JCI improving, you continue to think you got to this 15% 
ROIC long-term? 
JOHN BARTH: That's our goal, yes. 
DAVID LEIKER: Okay. My sense is that the equipment probably has a lower return on capital than the services. 
Do you think you can bring those both up to the same level? 
JOHN BARTH: No. Generally speaking, the service -- and just like our existing service business, David, it would 
have much, much higher return on capital. It's just a working capital business whereas ultimately manufacturing

Page 30 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
has the asset base to support it. You really can't look at it like that because you can't just be in the service 
business if you don't have the other side of it. 
DAVID LEIKER: As you look at that potential incremental return on capital on the York side of it, there's probably 
bigger opportunity on the equipment side than on the services side. Is that fair? 
JOHN BARTH: In my synergy number here, I did show, we did talk a lot about how will be able to get some 
efficiencies in the service business. So that would drive the ROIC up in that business as well. We expect it to 
come from all places. 
DAVID LEIKER: Lastly, this is -- step back a little bit from typical Johnson Controls acquisition strategy -- this is a 
little bit out of the norm for you in terms of the size and -- on the controls getting into the equipment side of it and 
then buying an asset here that some arguably would say has been underperforming by some measure. That just 
isn't -- is this a change in what your strategy is going forward of what you're looking for? 
JOHN BARTH: I don't think; not at all. I mean when you look at the combined company today and if you look at 
what York and our controls group bring together and the technologies and customers and growth opportunities 
and the obvious synergies that we're talking about here as we see them today, I mean it's a great fit. JCI is all 
about growth. As you know, we have grown for 58 years. This will be our 59th and I can tell you, this is going to 
help curtail that. 
So when you look at -- to be the market leader in all three of your businesses, it provides you a little bit of comfort. 
STEPHEN ROELL: I think just to add on to John's comment, the two things that I'm excited about is the service 
opportunity, which we've talked about a lot from JCI's perspective. But the global aspects of this transaction are 
also much different than many of our transactions, David, if you think about it. 
The presence that we're getting in some of the key growing emerging markets in this transaction is just essential 
to us. And to your point, we haven't done a transaction like this, but I would say think about that in the context of 
what that brings to us. 
DAVID LEIKER: I understand that. That all makes a lot of sense. It's -- there's a plus or minus sign, you know, 
positives and negatives on it, and I understand the opportunity this presents to you completely. Okay, thanks. 
OPERATOR: Dan Colona (ph), Bank of America. 
DAN COLONA, ANALYST, BANK OF AMERICA: Most of my questions have been answered, just one quick 
follow-up. Historically, JCI has done a very good job of listening to its customers and hearing what they have to 
say. Have you gotten any feedback from your customer base and that gives you confidence in your revenue 
synergy numbers? 
JOHN BARTH: I think we're close to the market in all of our customers. So we've have talked to a number as we 
could from last night until early this morning. But we understand what the market needs and we can provide more 
value to the customer and we can make that make -- they make that single phone call like Dave mentioned in 
those instances. And where they can cross-purchase from York or from JCI and how that simplifies their life, and 
then just the growth it provides. So when you're adding more value and you're driving cost and these synergies 
and so forth, it has to be good for the market and we were stay in tune (ph) with our customers. So we knew 
where the market was headed and all of a sudden, we decided that we wanted to lead it. We are very comfortable 
as where we were prior to on the high-end, and now to be able to take these combined capabilities in a much 
broader market, I think we are redefining the market here a little bit. 
DENISE ZUTZ: Operator, I think we have time for one more call. 
OPERATOR: Brian Johnson, Sanford Bernstein. 
BRIAN JOHNSON, ANALYST, SANFORD BERNSTEIN: Two questions. Following up on the revenue synergies, 
can you -- first of all, what segment of customers is -- do you think the combined value proposition most 
compelling? And second, what is it specifically in terms of dollars and cents for the customer that you think 
support bundling cross-selling synergies? 
STEPHEN ROELL: I think if you look at the customer base, it's a very large market -- $200 billion in building 
services. And anyone who operates those or manages a business deals with HVAC, deals with controls and the 
building automation systems. I think that entire base will benefit from the combined capabilities and integrated

Page 31 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
solutions that will now be available to them in the combination. I think that all of the customers on both sides see 
that there is tremendous strength and tremendous capability embedded in this (ph) organization. 
BRIAN JOHNSON: Why is it -- what in particular would get them a better price than shopping equipment and 
different services separately? 
STEPHEN ROELL: One of the keys is a large segment of the buildings would be modest size like commercial, 
midmarket type of opportunities. Midmarket's a term that York would use. And in those cases, they don't always 
have tremendous expertise in the engineers working on these systems, and any solution that can provide them 
an integrated capability takes work out of their hands and they don't have to engineer this independently and 
worry about trying to connect the equipment and the controls themselves. We can provide that solution. We can 
make it very effective with capabilities that they may not identify and with the combined cost structure, we can do 
it more effectively than others. 
BRIAN JOHNSON: So it sounds like the middle market is more the compelling. 
STEPHEN ROELL: Yes, absolutely. 
BRIAN JOHNSON: Final question. In addition to the 3% breakup, fee when we see the proxy, are there any other 
legal protections around getting this deal done with the two parties on the phone now? 
STEPHEN ROELL: There are. You'll see (indiscernible) of that nature, but I don't think anything significant. 
JOHN BARTH: Nothing out of the ordinary. 
OPERATOR: Make any final comments? 
JOHN BARTH: Yes, please. First of all, thanks everyone. We appreciate you listening to us and all the questions 
and I'm sure there will be more and we'll be available here as you would like to call us. But when we know look at 
this and when you think of the brand and the value of our two companies and what York brings and what it stands 
for and what Johnson Controls brings and what it stands for, and when you look at how these come together 
globally, I mean we are truly excited. When we look at what this means for our customers in the market that we 
talked about, our ability to be a market leader here, and also the transformation of the Company and where we've 
really put the right mix in place and we believe long-term value for our shareholders as well as growth for our 
employees. So we are a different company going forward here today, and we are really excited about it. 
So thanks a lot for your time and patience and we look forward to further discussions. 
OPERATOR: That concludes today's conference call. 
[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web 
site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. 
In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other 
forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current 
expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any 
forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified 
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the 
assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove 
inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the 
forward-looking statements will be realized. 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE 
APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN 
ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN 
THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON 
FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE 
INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO 
REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S 
SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.] 
Document FNDW000020050908e18p000p4

Page 32 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Event Brief of Johnson Controls to Acquire York International Corporation - Final 
Event Brief of Johnson Controls to Acquire York International Corporation - Final 
8,804 words 
25 August 2005 
FD (FAIR DISCLOSURE) WIRE 
FNDW 
English 
© Voxant Inc. All rights reserved. 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS 
. Denise Zutz, Johnson Controls, Inc., VP, Corporate Communication . John Barth, Johnson Controls, Inc., 
Chairman & CEO . Steve Roell, Johnson Controls, Inc., Vice Chairman & EVP . David Myers, York International, 
President & CEO 
OVERVIEW 
Management announced York acquisition for $56.50 per share with a total transaction value of approx. $3.2b. 
The transaction is subject to York shareholder approval and is expected to close in Dec. 2005. Q&A Focus: 
synergies, shareholder value, outlook, miscellaneous housekeeping. 
FINANCIAL DATA 
A. Key Data From Call 1. Acquisition price per share = $56.50 cash. 2. Transaction value = $3.2b, including 
$800m in York debt. 
PRESENTATION SUMMARY 
S1. Opening Comments (J.B.) 1. Opening Comments: 1. Exciting, transformational time for JCI and York. 2. York 
is largest global supplier to heating and cooling market. 2. Benefits of Merger: 1. Merger will provide access to: 1. 
New customers, 2. Growing geographic markets. 2. Large installed base of each co. offers huge opportunity to go 
after service opportunities. 1. A logical extension of current core business. 3. Will increase JCI's future organic 
sales into building market and ability to bundle both controls in the (indiscernible) market and go after larger 
segment of overall market. 4. Doubles co.'s service network. 5. Branch network goes from 330 to over 500. 6. 
Have a presence now in 125 countries. 7. Doubles controls business. 3. Addressable Market: 1. Out of the $200b 
market as JCI defines it, co. has successfully participated in $50-60m of that. 2. With York, of that $200b, co. 
becomes (indiscernible). 3. Service and merging markets are growing faster and will keep $200b growing. 4. 
Synergies: 1. Both short- and long-term synergies. 5. Acquisition Terms: 1. JCI will acquire York for $56.50 per 
share. 2. Transaction value is $3.2b, including York debt. 3. Will be all cash transaction. 4. York's board of 
directors unanimously recommended to its shareholders. 5. Expect to close end of this calendar year. 6. JCI 
Performance: 1. Over past 10 years, JCI sales have grown at compounded rate of (indiscernible), 13% of that 
organically. 2. Net income has grown at even faster rate at 18%. 3. Had 58 consecutive years of sales increase; 
this will be 59th. 4. Have had 14 consecutive years of earnings increases; this will be 15th. 5. Have increased 
dividends for past 30 years. 6. Have paid a dividend for 121 years. 7. Acquisition Philosophy: 1. Consider 
acquisitions as platform for growth, contributing, among others: 1. Customers, 2. Technology, 3. Geographic 
reach. 2. Acquisitions always part of JCI growth strategy in all three businesses. 
S2. Profile of Existing JCI Controls Business (S.R.) 1. 2005 Projected Financial Results: 1. 2005 revenue will be 
approx. $6b. 2. 2005 operating income will be approx. $310m, consistent with guidance. 2. Headcount: 1. Co. has 
approx. 31,000 employees in controls business. 3. Lines of Business: 1. Systems installation. 2. Technical 
services. 3. Facilities management. 4. Systems installation: 1. Referring to building automation system that 
automates buildings HVAC systems. 2. HVAC means heating, ventilation, and air conditioning. 1. Core of what 
York provides. 3. Also integrate HVAC automation with lighting, security, and fire safety. 5. Technical services: 1. 
Consists of operations and maintenance done by co. 2. Scheduled maintenance and repair. 1. E.G., truck-based 
services. 6. Facilities management: 1. On-site employees provide site support for operations and general building 
maintenance and services. 2. Largest customers include IBM, Barclay (phonetic), Agilent, number of 
pharmaceutical co.s. 
S3. York Profile (D.M.) 1. Key Metrics: 1. York's revenues approx. $5b annually. 2. 24,000 employees. 3. Leader 
in HVAC global market. 2. Lines of Business: 1. Global Applied, 2. Unitary Products, 3. Bristol. 4. Global Applied 
is international business with three segments: 1. Americas, EMEA, Asia. 2. Leaders in equipment market,

Page 33 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
primarily commercial and industrial air conditioning, industrial refrigeration, global services. 5. Unitary Products: 1. 
Focused on U.S. and Canada in residential and light commercial application. 6. Bristol Compressors: 1. Core 
component supplier of compressors to Unitary Products market in U.S. as well as (indiscernible) globally. 7. York 
designs, mfgs., and supplies a wide variety of products that support that industry. 8. Have a diverse customer 
base, including nearly all types of industry globally. 9. Have excellent brand names with strong name recognition. 
10. Have operations in more than 125 countries. 11. Have 26 mfg. facilities globally. 
S4. Perspective on Combined Business (S.R.) 1. Opportunities provided by combined co.: 1. Much expanded 
capabilities via leveraging each co.'s strengths as pertains to growing $200b market. 2. Increases capabilities in 
service market. 3. Allows each co. to leverage the other's regional strengths. 4. Tremendous leverage from 
supplying each others products and services. 
S5. Global Building Environment Market (D.M.) 1. Market Overview: 1. Global market is approx. $200b. 2. Very 
strong in all world regions. 3. Markets are improving overall. 4. Seeing strengthening in almost all regions. 5. Very 
large in equipment and strong service and facilities capabilities that both JCI and York participate in. 2. China: 1. 
York is particularly strong in China, Latin American, Middle East, and Central Europe driven by leading position in 
industrial applications. 2. Leader in large equipment capabilities in China, including 36 sales and services offices 
throughout China. 3. China is predominantly a new equipment market today; 10-15 years down road, service and 
aftermarket opportunity will match what co. does elsewhere in the world. 3. Latin America: 1. Markets are stable 
and strong in region. 2. See growth in activity supporting food processing capabilities, particularly in Brazil. 3. As 
leader in industrial refrigeration, expecting significant growth this year and continuing into near future. 4. Middle 
East: 1. York has leading position in large equipment. 2. Market expected to grow 2-3 times over next three to 
four years. 3. Infrastructure investment taking place now. 4. Expect York to be more than 50% of activity in region. 
5. Growth Drivers: 1. Key to growth is integrated sales and service of various components. 2. See this evolving in 
all markets at different stages. 
S6. Service Opportunity (Unknown) 1. Service Market: 1. Of the $200b market opportunity, $130b is 
service-related. 2. Rapidly growing market for both York and JCI. 3. York growth in last two quarters has been 
11% and 19%. 4. Fragmented market; no competitor has more than 5% of global building service market. 5. 
Service is higher margin business with good cash flow and reoccurring revenues and stability. 6. Key to service 
market is local leadership. 7. Combined co. allows development of scale in delivery systems, supporting IT and 
tools, and procurement. 
S7. Product Design (Unknown) 1. Controls Design Capabilities: 1. Key is JCI's strength in controls design. 2. JCI 
is recognized as world leader in this area. 3. York has that leadership in equipment. 4. Combined, delivers 
tremendous benefit to customers seeking solutions. 1. Customers will have one number to call for sales and 
support. 
S8. Branch Network Combined Capability (S.R.) 1. Branch Network: 1. Combined strengths of two organizations 
offer efficiency and broad range of services to customers unrivaled in the industry. 
S9. Transaction Detail Summary (B.M.) 1. Transaction Value: 1. Transaction value is approx. $3.2b, including: 1. 
Approx. $800m of debt JCI will assume. 2. Price Per Share: 1. Price per share is $56.50, all cash. 3. Multiple: 1. 
Will pay in 12 times York's EBITDA according to First Call estimates for 2005. 4. Accretion: 1. Expect transaction 
to be modestly accretive to JCI in its fiscal 2006. 2. JCI has fiscal year end of Sept. 30. 3. Expect transaction to 
close in Dec. 2005. 4. Fiscal 2006 will only be nine month period. 5. Closing: 1. Expect closing in Dec. 2005. 2. 
Cash merger, so subject to York shareholder vote. 3. Don't anticipate any regulatory issues regarding anti-trust 
due to complimentary nature of businesses. 6. Financing: 1. Will initially finance with commercial paper. 2. Shortly 
after closing, expect to replace commercial paper with blended profile of debt: 1. Going across full maturity 
providing co. with flexibility to repay debt with substantial cash flow expect transaction to bring over first two or 
three years. 3. Historic strategy has been to maintain 50/50 fixed to floating ratio; plan to continue that with this 
transaction. 4. Models and guidance for accretive earnings, assuming all-in interest expense of about 5.25%. 7. 
Rating Agencies: 1. Met with all three rating agencies earlier in the week. 2. Working with them and talking about 
ratings. 3. Expect that strong cash flow will allow co. maintain current A-level rating. 8. Synergies: 1. JCI has 
demonstrated strong track record of buying businesses and growing with them. 2. Have proven integration 
process for identifying and delivering substantial synergies from previous transactions. 3. $175m in cost 
synergies, including: 1. Elimination of duplicative administrative functions, 2. Looking at global mfg. footprint, 3. 
Capitalizing on substantial purchasing economies of scale, 4. Generating efficiencies in service business by 
taking advantage of denser customer concentration in local markets, 5. Expanding use of York Connect 
technology across the wire customer base. 6. Lower effective global tax rate, driven by tax efficient structuring 
and financing and complimentary earnings profile in certain foreign jurisdictions. 4. At least $100m in revenue 
synergies, including: 1. Bundling JCI controls onto York equipment effective immediately. 2. Cross-selling York

Page 34 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
HVAC equipment to existing JCI customers and JCI control technology to York's existing customers. 1. Both co.s 
already have ability to buy one another's products, so transition should be smooth. 3. Cross-selling services to 
each other's customers expected to drive topline growth. 4. Expanded geographic reach for each co. in areas 
such as China, India, Russia, Middle East, Latin America, and Japan. 5. Expect estimated $275m in synergies to 
grow as complete integration; co. highly confident in $275m estimate. 9. Business Mix Benefits: 1. Each of JCI's 
three businesses will be leaders in respective industries. 2. Expect benefits of the transaction to continue to allow 
JCI to meets its longer-term financial targets of double-digit sales and earnings growth. 3. Cash flow from 
transaction will allow co. to quickly return to its debt-to-total cap target of 35-40%. 10. Synergy Guidance & 
Phasing: 1. Recognize have been vague. 2. 2006 guidance will be released on Oct. 11, 2005 and will provide 
more granularity regarding: 1. Phasing of synergies, 2. Integration costs, 3. Other key assumptions. 
S10. Summary (J.B.) 1. Closing Comments: 1. Sales double from approx. $6b to $11b. 2. Prior to York, JCI had 
over 300 mfg. plants around the world. 3. York has mfg. expertise as well. 4. Provides end-to-end capabilities to 
enhance service. 5. JCI has proven track record of executing on financial commitments made to co. and 
customers. 6. Management team is strong. 7. Cultures are a great fit. 8. Pro forma sales this year of $28b before 
and $33b after. 1. 69% this year will be automotive; after acquisition it will be 59%. 9. Operating income before 
53% was automotive; after it will be 47% and 40% after synergies. 10. Business mix getting better and stronger. 
1. JCI is market leader in automotive group; global; supply everybody. 2. JCI is market leader in batteries 
Americas, Europe, and China and Korea. 3. JCI is market leader in new controls group after acquisition. 
QUESTION AND ANSWER SUMMARY 
Q1. (Mike Bruynesteyn, Prudential Equity Group, LLC) In the context for JCI of the mix of your business, which is 
clearly changing, how do you think about maximizing shareholder value in terms of the market multiple for 
shareholders, because it's seems like the market is willing to pay more for the control type businesses than it is 
for automotive? 
A. (John Barth) When we look at all three businesses and how we're positioning those, automotive is tough 
environment, but as I've mentioned in the past, there's gold in all of that. We continue to grow and we're going to 
continue to invest. When you look at battery and (indiscernible) you can see how we've now broken that out and 
the margins in that business, and that's because we are the cost leader and the technology leader. Now when 
you look at what we've done in the controls business and the combination of these two bringing new technology, 
new geographic markets and the ability to cross-sell and our customers to cross-purchase between the two 
organizations, we think the multiple will take care of itself. We're going to make a lot of money in this business, 
and we're going to grow a lot. 
Q2. (Mike Bruynesteyn, Prudential Equity Group, LLC) Who initiated this transaction, and did York speak with 
other potential buyers before settling on JCI? 
A. (David Myers) JCI and York have a long history of working together in the market place, and we see each 
other often and have had a great relationship. JCI did approach us with an interest in considering York as part of 
their family and we began the discussions from there. We did not go through a sell process beyond the JCI 
discussion. 
Q3. (Mike Bruynesteyn, Prudential Equity Group, LLC) What would be the sales growth outlook for York for the 
next two or three years? 
A. (David Myers) We have given some general industry guidelines for the next years. We have no commitment or 
comment on 2006 at this time. Generally what we see is large equipment markets regionally at different levels. 
Asia will grow in the double digit expectations. I mentioned the Middle East earlier, which could double or triple 
the entire large (indiscernible) market in the next three or four years. Our anticipation of Europe was slightly 
down, and the Americas strong and getting better. 
Q4. (Chris Ceraso, Credit Suisse First Boston) What are the plans for the Bristol Compressor business? Is that 
something that you intend to keep as part of the overall fold here? 
A. (Unknown) We acquired York, and Bristol is part of the business we acquired. We plan to integrate that and 
manage these businesses. 
Q5. (Chris Ceraso, Credit Suisse First Boston) When you talked about the opportunity for service within York, it 
seems that the service business had a tough year or there's some room to improve profitability. What are the 
plans to get the profit margins in the service business to move higher.

Page 35 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
A. (Steve Roell) The last two quarters, the service growth at York has really been very impressive, and I think that 
some of the investments that (indiscernible) and Dave talked about are really the key to what's turned that 
around. 
A. (David Myers) For a long period of time, the growth in both earnings and revenues of our service business has 
simply been an outstanding. In 2004, we had a challenge based upon the implementation of a completely 
automated service capability throughout our North American operation. We had a challenge absorbing that and it 
impacted 3Q and 4Q of last year. As Steve described, we grew at 11.3% in that business in 1Q. We grew at 19% 
in 2Q. Our overall service business globally is growing quickly. The key is the automation capability that it brings 
from the standpoint of productivity, improving our cost structure, and delivery capability as well as the benefit to 
the customers through increased capability at all levels. 
Q6. (Chris Ceraso, Credit Suisse First Boston) If you looked at the York business on a normalized or sustainable 
basis, what do you think is an appropriate operating margin to consider as a sustainable or achievable level for 
the York business? 
A. (Bruce McDonald) I don't think we really want to get into what old York or what our old controls business 
looked like here from a margins point of view. I think we'll wait when we get to our October guidance, we'll show 
what the new combined entity looks like and overlay the synergies and cost onto that. 
Q7. (Chris Ceraso, Credit Suisse First Boston) You mentioned the potential for a lower effective tax rate as a part 
of the cost synergies. How much of the $175m would you assign due to the tax benefit? 
A. (Bruce McDonald) We're still working through some of the details. I'd say right now we expect JCI's overall tax 
rate for next year will drop 1-2% as a result of this transaction. 
Q8. (Unknown, Unknown) If I look historically at York's margins, it seems like they've lagged the peers. I'm 
wondering if there's a structural reason, maybe business mix or mfg. footprint that that's the case, or is this 
something over time you should be able to get margins to the peer level? 
A. (David Myers) We have tremendous opportunities in all the businesses. One of the challenges we've faced 
over the past five years is that the most economically impacted element of the market that we've seen has been 
the large tonnage equipment. Our share is generally higher the larger the size of the equipment. But we've had 
challenging market conditions in Europe and the Americas, and also we had some portfolio differences from 
Trane & Carrier who you are comparing us to, and you see that gap closing over the past couple years. 
A. (John Barth) When you look at our controls business now going from $6b to $11b, when you look at the 
synergies that I described relative to the mfg. know-how and capabilities in processes, when you look at our 
purchasing and the leverage that we will get through the commodity purchasing and so forth, because York now 
becomes part of a $28b co., and so we buy a lot of that same stuff throughout the co. and so just the natural 
leverage and synergies that will come as a result of that, and they will flow both ways. I'm sure there's some 
cases where Dave and his team do better, and there are some cases where our folks are better. But I can tell you 
what, we're going to leverage the best of the best here, and so there's just some natural opportunities here that 
we're going to take advantage of. 
A. (Unknown) I think also as you talk about service and the fact that it's a higher margin business and our focus 
on that, I think that's also over time going to help our margins. 
Q9. (Unknown, Unknown) I understand that if you look at services the market is very fragmented, but if you look 
at the mechanical components, can you talk about York's market share in HVAC and refrigeration? 
A. (David Myers) From the standpoint of overall equipment as I commented earlier, we've never given numbers 
specifically. I don't know JCI's view. We generally have large shares in large tonnage markets around the world, 
in industrial refrigeration globally, and strong shares in all the markets that we participate in from an equipment 
perspective. In service, as Steve mentioned earlier, no individual player has more than 5% of the market. We 
believe we are the leading service provider worldwide in HVAC, and we do extremely well at (indiscernible) and 
coverage. 
Q10. (Unknown, Unknown) Would you characterize large shares as being in excess of 20%? 
A. (David Myers) In those cases, yes. 
Q11. (Unknown, Unknown) On the deal, is there a break-up fee?

Page 36 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
A. (Unknown) Yes, there is a 3% break-up fee. 
Q12. (Joseph Amaturo (phonetic), Unknown) Could you address how dependent the pro forma controls business 
is going to be on non-residential/residential construction? 
A. (Unknown) Let's start with our own business share before we combine York. If you look at our what's called 
installation, the smallest piece of that is really our construction dependency. If you go and look at our controls 
operations in terms of our retrofitting, or work we do in installation, that's our largest growing market. I would tell 
you if you look at the vertical markets that we serve, our exposure is in the healthcare, the school markets, 
commercial buildings, the outlook for those is very positive, so we feel very good about those from the standpoint 
of new construction exposure. 
A. (Unknown) I'll comment on the residential equipment side. To reference, general housing starts are less than 
2m individual housing starts in 2005. The industry sells more than 7m compressor bearing units. Today, between 
75-80% of the equipment sold into the residential market is replacement. Housing starts has a lower and lower 
effect every year as there's more maturity in the market. 
Q13. (Joseph Amaturo, Unknown) So 75-80% of that residential business is to replace-- 
A. (Unknown) That is replacement. That's correct. 
Q14. (Joseph Amaturo, Unknown) With respect to SG&A for JCI's control business, how does that compare to 
York's SG&A levels? 
A. (Bruce McDonald) We don't tend to give SG&A information out by business segment. 
A. (Unknown) Directionally, if you think about the business, York has a much stronger mfg. component 
(indiscernible) a lower SG&A. Our service businesses probably have similar type SG&A characteristics I would 
assume. But directionally, that's how I would describe it to you. 
Q15. (Mark Insingy (phonetic), Unknown) Historically, these kinds of synergies have existed for a long time 
between the building controls and the HVAC mfgs. but there was always a counter argument that the HVAC co. 
would stand to lose more business by being aligned with a major controls mfg. than to gain from that alliance 
because the other co.s might decide to direct business away. How do you address that counter argument? 
A. (David Myers) Your observations are consistent with some of the past discussions, but as I discussed, the 
market trends are clearly changing. (indiscernible) one solution. Today, combined integrated offering is very 
effective, and I don't believe there's going to be a dramatic impact by the type of equipment over the type of 
controls that are involved in that. In this case, we may make exceptions. But the combination of the bundled 
offering and the capabilities of JCI and York combined will be able to provide is outstanding. There's strong 
maturity with our businesses from the perspective of the installed base with both JCI and York, both very highly 
recognized. And the market trends toward the integrated solutions is very evident. 
Q16. (Mark Insingy, Unknown) So you feel the gain vs. loss dynamic has changed in the last couple of years? 
A. (David Myers) Absolutely, and for many years as I can speak from the York perspective, our objective was to 
sell equipment and services. Our participation in controls was only necessitated because that's what it took to get 
the customers. JCI didn't always have an equipment offering, and focused on the controls capability. I think in this 
situation, when there's a mutual benefit to delivering what the customer wants, there's tremendous upside. 
A. (Unknown) If you just look at the overall, now we participate in $200b worth of opportunity with the two co.s. I 
think the growth opportunities that exist with the combination will well outweigh, and also, we also are very 
confident relative to the synergies and the integration of these two organizations. It's something that we have a 
long history of and we're going to do it well. 
A. (Unknown) I think what we would say we bring together from your standpoint, I think there's a commercial 
reason for doing this, and there's also an economic reason for doing it. The efficiencies we can bring to the 
customer are significant, and that's why it makes sense. 
A. (Unknown) Internationally, a lot of these capabilities may not be available in many of the markets, so we're 
going to be delivering something that's cutting edge that isn't there today. 
Q17. (Mark Insingy, Unknown) One of the things that was mentioned during the course of the presentation was 
the ability to spread the York Connect technology across a larger platform. What that means is that you would

Page 37 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
consider the York Connect technology to be state of the art and the IT platform is what is going to end up 
dominating the combined entity service operations? 
A. (Unknown) Steve Roell 
A. (Unknown) We still have some things to learn, but what we do know of York Connect and how it empowers our 
frontline provider with the ability to access information and configurations pricing and the standpoint of uploading 
information for billing purposes is much superior to what we have at JCI right now. We think that your statement, 
the IT organization system they put together is superior and we look forward to seeing how we can deploy that on 
a broader base. Dave might be interested in discussing how York Connect (indiscernible) with multi-site clients. 
A. (David Myers) York Connect has really taken our service business from a very manual process and coming 
from a historical base of servicing very large installed plant rooms, we were able to survive that way. As we've 
evolved into going after commercial service multi-site customers, we needed to do that cost effectively through 
automation. We embarked on this process three or four years ago. It's now implemented, up and running fine. 
What we can do is cover client's sites nationally, globally, and in many cases that may range from 1,000 to 5,000 
sites all from the same standard level of performance, fully automated, paperless in many cases. The technicians 
work with handheld devices and have all the technical information, history of the job, pricing, activities right in 
front of them. Productivity, the value chain, as far a billing cycle, days outstanding, cash flow, have greatly 
improved. On top of that, there's tremendous benefit to the customer from a standpoint of the capabilities that we 
provide for response times for their ability to get access to information, and for their ability to monitor progress 
and manage their stores. 
Q18. (Robert Barry, Goldman Sachs) Could you talk about the refrigeration business and how you see it playing 
out going forward? It seems less synergistic with JCI controls business. 
A. (Unknown) If you think about that refrigeration business in Europe, the markets that it serves are large food 
processing and pharmaceutical, and if you think about where our mission critical capabilities are in our controls 
business, that's a sweet spot we talk about all the time. Think about it in that context, it gives us a chance to talk 
to a broader vertical market than we've ever been able to in the past. Pharmaceuticals, as I mentioned, we have a 
great presence in facilities management from a building controls and automation standpoint, those are markets 
that are critical to us. 
A. (Unknown) Our industrial refrigeration business has a strong aftermarket element to it. There's a a lot of 
service work that has been included in the activities that York does for air conditioning, and as Steve pointed out, 
it is a very controlled environment. It is all processing activities, which is an excellent dovetail to JCI's capabilities. 
Q19. (Robert Barry, Goldman Sachs) Can you comment on valuations to the extent possible? I know it's difficult, 
but could you share what your approach was? It seems at first blush to be a little bit of a premium. 35% of the 
stock price considering there was no bidding war here. 
A. (Unknown) It began with growth. When we looked at how we wanted to position our controls group, and putting 
some complementary capabilities in place with that to allow us to go from the $50b market we participated in to 
the $200b. As Dave and ourselves got together and identified what value we could create in the market. All of the 
sudden we realized there are some real cost synergies in providing more value and doing more for the customer 
at less cost. At first blush, we came up with $175m of synergies that we've committed to and are going forward 
with. I think first of all it begins with growth and secondly with the synergies that can be created. I think that if you 
look at other deals that have been done in this industry, we're really not out of line with those, but this will stand 
on it's own merits. We are very confident and pleased with the final agreement with York. 
Q20. (Robert Barry, Goldman Sachs) Do you see any other potential bidders merging at this point? 
A. (Unknown) I can't comment on that. What I can say is that the synergies that exist between York and JCI that 
we've been describing I believe are second to none. 
Q21. (Robert Barry, Goldman Sachs) In terms of steel and its impact on York's business and how you see that 
playing out, how relevant that is? 
A. (John Barth) I think when you look at all the commodity pressures and obviously York as well as their other 
competitors absorb some costs over time. No different than we have in our business in all three of our 
businesses. And so but I think when you look at JCI and the amount of commodities that we buy and the amount 
of fuel that we buy just in our automotive business combine that with York, our ability to influence and impact that

Page 38 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
could be pretty significant. So I would be highly disappointed if we really can't find some additional synergies 
beyond where we are today through just the whole procurement purchasing process. 
Q22. (Robert Barry, Goldman Sachs) Could you tell us what percent of York's revenue is related to steel? 
A. (Stephen Roell) No. I don't know if we have that. I'm not sure that would be relevant because of revenue. I 
would tell you that there's some information out there. I don't have time to go through it but if you look at the 
industry itself, the HVAC industry, their ability to absorb and recover costs are quite a bit different than the 
automotive industry. So I would just ask that you look at that and you will find that you can't really mimic that. If 
you are thinking about how automotive was impacted this past year. 
Q23. (Himanshu Patel, JPMorgan Chase & Co.) Could you characterize for us where we are in the commercial 
equipment HVAC cycle? 
A. (David Myers) I think what we see, again, different by regions of the world but, generally, we see strength and 
steady improvement in all the light and commercial markets. The large tonnage equipment, the largest things that 
we do are flat and we see it getting better. So we are confident we are in an upward tick and you will see 
improvement in '06 and beyond. However all the commercial markets is a majority of what we do, we are seeing 
improvement. 
Q24. (Himanshu Patel, JPMorgan Chase & Co.) When did the large market peak last? Which year was it? 
A. (David Myers) Peak was 2000 and in 2004 the collective large tonnage market in the U.S. was down 40%. 
Q25. (Himanshu Patel, JPMorgan Chase & Co.) From the 2000 peak? 
A. (David Myers) 2000 peak. 
Q26. (Himanshu Patel, JPMorgan Chase & Co.) This is obviously quite a sizable acquisition away from the 
automotive space. When you think going forward A, is there other M&A on the horizon or is this it for the 
foreseeable future? If so is there still an appetite to bulk up more on the control side? 
A. (John Barth) Again, when you look at the co. at a post-York here and I think the diversity in the mix we have, I 
mean we are a much stronger company going forward. Relative to the three businesses and whether the 
automotive interiors or battery business, which you know is 80% aftermarket so it's a great business and now 
control. So yes we are going to continue to complement these -- where an acquisition makes sense we will 
continue to consider it. 
Q27. (Himanshu Patel, JPMorgan Chase & Co.) On the automotive side there, there's obviously a lot of assets 
out there now that are probably at decent prices. Are those things that at this point are just not a consideration for 
the co.? 
A. (John Barth) We are not interested in distressed assets and we are not interested in investing in something 
that strategically doesn't fit with the co. If there is some strategic and growth opportunities for us, we would 
consider and a lot of what I think you are describing, there are distressed opportunities. And that hasn't been part 
of our history and won't be going forward. 
Q28. (Himanshu Patel, JPMorgan Chase & Co.) I think Global Applied was the one division where your margins 
were a lot lower than the other two. Is that -- what's the (indiscernible)? I can understand that the cycle is down 
from its peak in 2000, but have you had trouble trying to take capacity out? Or is this just the type of business 
where it's too cumbersome to remove capacity and try to add it back in, that you just have to weather the cycle's 
up-and-down? Is it really all just a revenue issue? Or is there a cost issue there as well that you haven't been able 
to address fully yet? 
A. (David Myers) I think the market impact has been significant. We also bore the commodity cost increases over 
the past few years and while we are getting pricing and doing extremely well now with our backlogs being 
anywhere from three to nine months, it takes a while for that cycle to run through. We have taken aggressive 
action on the majority of our mfg. sites around the world over the past five years and we have reduced more than 
40% of the number of facilities that we had at that peak in 2000. We believe we are very well-positioned and we 
see the market materialize and begin to show improvement and we think the cost structure always has 
opportunities but is in very good position. 
A. (John Barth) Being part of now JCI and if you look at our mfg. and our global footprint how we manage these 
businesses and how we are driving to low cost country sourcing and mfg. and so forth. I mean it's part of our

Page 39 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
heritage so that all of a sudden when York is now part of JCI we have a whole lot more combinations and 
opportunities than when you are York by itself. I mean they've done a great job in managing that business with 
the alternatives they've had but now all of a sudden with part of JCI, I mean, all of a sudden we look at this much 
differently and our aggressiveness and our ability to focus and make decisions on a timely basis will be much 
better, I believe. 
Q29. (Brian Jacoby, Goldman Sachs) Do you intend to assume and guarantee York's debt? 
A. (Bruce McDonald) There are three notes outstanding and, yes, we do plan about $500m, we do plan on 
assuming those and depending on the final structure of the transaction we will likely guarantee those. 
Q30. (Brian Jacoby, Goldman Sachs) Will you still have a holding company for York or will you dissolve that? 
A. (Bruce McDonald) We are still working that; we haven't decided that yet. 
Q31. (Brian Jacoby, Goldman Sachs) And respective for this transaction going forward the level of free cash flow. 
Obviously the rating agencies sound like they're definitely going to give you the benefit of the doubt here and 
keep you in the A category. But the leverage numbers do move up substantially which kind of implies you need to 
at least pay down maybe about $500m a year in debt once this deal closes. Is that the type of level of debt 
reduction you think you can achieve? 
A. (Bruce McDonald) (indiscernible) our past level of free cash flow is in excess of that and we expect that it is 
also this transaction that our free cash flow will accelerate from our prior levels and not go down. 
Q32. (Brian Jacoby, Goldman Sachs) Roughly within the next couple of years you expect to get down to that 
35-40% debt leverage number. 
A. (Bruce McDonald) We expect that within a year we will be in that band. 
Q33. (Rich Kwas, Wachovia Securities) How centralized is your branch network? Just wanted to get a sense how 
you work things compared to JCI. 
A. (David Myers) As we described the York Connect system earlier today we have local presence activity, 
decision making with customers, but it is very automated as far as the backroom capabilities that supports those 
businesses. So I would say it centralizes the areas where there is productivity gains and value in supporting 
customers in our businesses, it's very localized from the standpoint of the customer relationships and the 
commitments we have. 
Q34. (Rich Kwas, Wachovia Securities) And that technology you said is fully implemented? 
A. (David Myers) In the U.S., that is correct. 
Q35. (Rich Kwas, Wachovia Securities) What are your plans outside? 
A. (David Myers) The goals long-term would be to deploy that into all other markets where makes sense to do so. 
Clearly, we will have to evaluate that as we discussed the JCI relationship and how we work the best system for 
the markets we have. 
Q36. (Rich Kwas, Wachovia Securities) On customer overlap I think you've mentioned that there's not too much -- 
could you put some numbers around that? 
A. (Stephen Roell) We don't have that information right now. 
Q37. (Jon Steinmetz, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter) You laid out about five cost synergies and five revenue 
synergies. If you had to isolate one that was most significant financially in each category which one would you 
pick? 
A. (Unknown) Obviously, some are larger than other ones but I wouldn't want to say one or any of them is more 
significant than the other. We need to deliver on all of these points to deliver the 275m and that is what we will 
commit to do. 
Q38. (Jon Steinmetz, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter) When you talked about the tax planning and the reduction in 
the overall JCI rate of 1-2%, could you collaborate a little more on some of the items? You mention the 
complementary country profile etc. and how exactly you are going to get that rate down?

Page 40 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
A. (David Myers) There are really three sub-bullets. One is we have NOLs or York has NOLs in certain countries 
where we put the two businesses together one of us makes money and the other had historic losses. So that 
means that we put the entity together in those countries where they will use those losses and effectively generate 
a zero tax rate for two or three years. Longer-term, the real bang for the buck comes in the way we structure the 
transactions to get push some of the goodwill on the transaction into foreign jurisdictions where we can get tax 
deductibility and, also, by allocating some of the purchase price, to certain foreign jurisdictions will enable us to 
get double interest rate deduction. 
Q39. (Jon Steinmetz, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter) Lastly you mentioned using considerable free cash flow from 
this transaction alone. Obviously along with the other to help pay down the debt but do you care to give any 
forecast as to how much this and isolation you think can contribute the next two or three years? 
A. (David Myers) No, we are just going to focus on the total co.'s cash flow here. As we integrate the two 
businesses it's very difficult to track what came out of York and what came out of JCI because as you can 
appreciate generate these synergies we have to integrates a lot of the pieces of various businesses 
(indiscernible) difficult to track going forward. 
Q40. (John Chapman, KeyBank Capital Market) Certainly you've talked a lot about the commercial equipment 
side and commercial service side is certainly York has a residential HVAC business. Can you talk about where 
JCI stands relative to residential and what the growth opportunity is on the residential side? 
A. (John Barth) Obviously that is all new opportunities for us and that business is doing quite well with York 
today. Again, when you look at I think the combined companies going forward and what that means to us. And so 
again, I think that we will look at that together a whole lot differently. So we are excited about it. 
Q41. (John Chapman, KeyBank Capital Market) And then also, York has talked quite a bit about their multi-site 
national service program that they have embarked on which seems to focus more on smaller stand-alone 
buildings like drugstores, restaurants, et cetera. Can you talk about where JCI lies in that market as well and how 
that York strategy plays into this synergy opportunity? 
A. (Stephen Roell) If you look at some of the clients you just described there, they're typically going to be retail 
outlets: The Gap, CVS Pharmacy, things of that nature. We do not have a strong presence in that I'll call it light 
commercial market. It is a market we have identified in our strategies and talked about in the past that we would 
like to have a greater presence. So this really with our product and with their presence, we think this is a great 
opportunity for us to grow into that market. It's not one that we are strong at, but certainly one we would like to 
target. 
Q42. (David Lieker, Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc.) This $200b market you talk about, can you -- you threw 
out a couple of different numbers, but can you break that down between equipment and services? 
A. (Stephen Roell) Well, what we said is David of $200b, $130b of that is service related. 
Q43. (David Lieker, Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc.) I think John had said that you were selling into a $55-60b 
dollar services market? 
A. (Denise Zutz) Controls market, which includes equipment as well as services (indiscernible) fire safety, 
security. 
Q44. (David Lieker, Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc.) Of that $200b? 
A. (Denise Zutz) Right. 
A. (Unknown) (indiscernible) confusion David, hopefully have that helps. 
Q45. (David Lieker, Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc.) It does; it's easy to do sometimes though. For the 
synergies that you're talking about, your comments that this would be modestly accretive to fiscal '06 assumes 
how much of those synergies fall through in '06? 
A. (John Barth) We will get into that more in October, David. What you have to think about is, we certainly expect 
to generate some of the cost savings quickly. But you need also factor in some of the integration cost that we are 
going to have, some of the amortization on the intangible assets associated with the transaction and other 
acquisition accounting items. We'll lay that out in a lot more detail in October because it's just a lot of preliminary 
analysis on some of those other items right now.

Page 41 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
A. (Unknown) Yes, I think Bruce has done a good job of going through with your team and identifying those 
elements and that gave the confidence to be able to make the statement that we provided to you regarding the 
modestly accretive. 
Q46. (David Lieker, Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc.) If I model this with getting modestly accretive in fiscal '06 
or that $3.2b purchase price, it looks like the ROIC of York is going to be several hundred basis points below JCI. 
A. (John Barth) That's correct on day one. 
Q47. (David Lieker, Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc.) And with these synergies along with JCI improving, you 
continue to think you got to this 15% ROIC long-term? 
A. (John Barth) That's our goal, yes. 
Q48. (David Lieker, Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc.) My sense is that the equipment probably has a lower 
ROIC than the services. Do you think you can bring those both up to the same level? 
A. (John Barth) No. Generally speaking, the service -- and just like our existing service business it would have 
much, much higher ROIC. It's just a working capital business whereas ultimately mfg. has the asset base to 
support it. You really can't look at it like that because you can't just be in the service business if you don't have the 
other side of it. 
Q49. (David Lieker, Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc.) As you look at that potential incremental ROIC on the York 
side of it, there's probably bigger opportunity on the equipment side than on the services side. Is that fair? 
A. (John Barth) In my synergy number here, I did show, we did talk a lot about how will be able to get some 
efficiencies in the service business. So that would drive the ROIC up in that business as well. We expect it to 
come from all places. 
Q50. (David Lieker, Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc.) Step back a little bit from typical JCI acquisition strategy -- 
this is a little bit out of the norm for you in terms of the size and -- on the controls getting into the equipment side 
of it and then buying an asset here that some arguably would say has been underperforming by some measure. 
That just isn't -- is this a change in what your strategy is going forward of what you're looking for? 
A. (John Barth) I don't think; not at all. I mean when you look at the combined co. today and if you look at what 
York and our controls group bring together and the technologies and customers and growth opportunities and the 
obvious synergies that we're talking about here as we see them today, I mean it's a great fit. JCI is all about 
growth. As you know, we have grown for 58 years. This will be our 59th and I can tell you, this is going to help 
curtail that. To be the market leader in all three of your businesses, it provides you a little bit of comfort 
A. (Stephen Roell) I think just to add on to John's comment, the two things that I'm excited about is the service 
opportunity, which we've talked about a lot from JCI's perspective. But the global aspects of this transaction are 
also much different than many of our transactions, if you think about it. The presence that we're getting in some of 
the key growing emerging markets in this transaction is just essential to us. And to your point, we haven't done a 
transaction like this, but I would say think about that in the context of what that brings to us. 
Q51. (Dan Colona (phonetic), Banc of America) Historically, JCI has done a very good job of listening to its 
customers and hearing what they have to say. Have you gotten any feedback from your customer base and that 
gives you confidence in your revenue synergy numbers? 
A. (John Barth) I think we're close to the market in all of our customers. So we've have talked to a number as we 
could from last night until early this morning. But we understand what the market needs and we can provide more 
value to the customer and we can make that make -- they make that single phone call like Dave mentioned in 
those instances. And where they can cross-purchase from York or from JCI and how that simplifies their life, and 
then just the growth it provides. So when you're adding more value and you're driving cost and these synergies 
and so forth, it has to be good for the market and we were stay in tune (phonetic) with our customers. So we 
knew where the market was headed and all of a sudden, we decided that we wanted to lead it. We are very 
comfortable as where we were prior to on the high-end, and now to be able to take these combined capabilities in 
a much broader market, I think we are redefining the market here a little bit. 
Q52. (Brian Johnson, Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.) Following up on the revenue synergies, what 
segment of customers do you think the combined value proposition most compelling? And second, what is it 
specifically in terms of dollars and cents for the customer that you think support bundling cross-selling synergies?

Page 42 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
A. (Stephen Roell) I think if you look at the customer base, it's a very large market -- $200b in building services. 
And anyone who operates those or manages a business deals with HVAC, deals with controls and the building 
automation systems. I think that entire base will benefit from the combined capabilities and integrated solutions 
that will now be available to them in the combination. I think that all of the customers on both sides see that there 
is tremendous strength and tremendous capability embedded in this (phonetic) organization. 
Q53. (Brian Johnson, Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.) What in particular would get them a better price 
than shopping equipment and different services separately? 
A. (Stephen Roell) One of the keys is a large segment of the buildings would be modest size like commercial, 
midmarket type of opportunities. Midmarket's a term that York would use. And in those cases, they don't always 
have tremendous expertise in the engineers working on these systems, and any solution that can provide them 
an integrated capability takes work out of their hands and they don't have to engineer this independently and 
worry about trying to connect the equipment and the controls themselves. We can provide that solution. We can 
make it very effective with capabilities that they may not identify and with the combined cost structure, we can do 
it more effectively than others. 
Q54. (Brian Johnson, Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.) So it sounds like the middle market is the more 
compelling? 
A. (Stephen Roell) Yes, absolutely. 
Q55. (Brian Johnson, Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.) In addition to the 3% break-up, fee when we see 
the proxy, are there any other legal protections around getting this deal done with the two parties on the phone 
now? 
A. (Stephen Roell) There are. You'll see (indiscernible) of that nature, but I don't think anything significant. 
A. (Unknown) Nothing out of the ordinary. 
A. (Unknown) No. 
[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web 
site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. 
In the conference calls upon which Event Briefs are based, companies may make projections or other 
forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current 
expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any 
forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified 
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the 
assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove 
inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the 
forward-looking statements will be realized. 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT BRIEFS REFLECTS THOMSON FINANCIAL'S SUBJECTIVE 
CONDENSED PARAPHRASE OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND THERE MAY BE 
MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE 
CONFERENCE CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY 
ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE 
INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT BRIEF. USERS ARE ADVISED TO 
REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S 
SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.] 
Document FNDW000020050908e18p000p1

Page 43 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Johnson to buy York - BUILDING SYSTEMS. 
COMPANIES INTERNATIONAL 
Johnson to buy York - BUILDING SYSTEMS. 
By AMY YEE 
259 words 
25 August 2005 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
USA Ed2 
Page 16 
English 
(c) 2005 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
Johnson Controls, maker of car interiors and technology for building systems, yesterday agreed to buy York 
International, a manufacturer of heating and ventilation systems, in a deal worth Dollars 3.2bn. 
The deal gives Milwaukee-based Johnson Controls a firmer foothold in the global building systems market as 
construction in China, the Middle East and eastern Europe continues to boom. 
Johnson Controls will pay Dollars 56.50 for each outstanding share of York common stock, or Dollars 2.4bn in 
cash, and assume about Dollars 800m in debt. 
Shares in York jumped nearly 32 per cent to Dollars 55.10 in after-market trade yesterday while shares in 
Johnson Controls rose 1 per cent in after-market trade to Dollars 56.82. 
John Barth, chief executive of Johnson Controls, said the acquisition "will create the largest building services 
force in the world." 
The company expects the deal to be modestly accretive to earnings per share in fiscal 2006. It anticipates more 
than Dollars 275m of cost savings by 2008. It did not say whether there would be lay-offs or closures. 
North America and Europe accounted for 53 per cent and 39 per cent, respectively, of Johnson's revenue last 
year, while more than half of York's revenues comes from outside North America. 
JPMorgan was financial adviser and Foley &Lardner legal adviser to Johnson Controls. York's financial adviser 
was Credit Suisse First Boston and its legal counsel was Wachtell,Lipton, Rosen &Katz. 
20050825U216.009 
Document FTFT000020050825e18p0005n

Page 44 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Johnson Controls set to acquire York 
Johnson Controls set to acquire York 
By Martha Raffaele Associated Press 
347 words 
25 August 2005 
Deseret Morning News 
DN 
D09 
English 
(c) 2005 Deseret News Publishing Co. 
HARRISBURG, Pa. -- Johnson Controls Inc. is buying York International Corp., which makes ventilation, air 
conditioning and refrigeration equipment, for about $2.4 billion cash. 
Milwaukee-based Johnson Controls, which makes auto parts and industrial systems, said Wednesday the deal 
would nearly double its presence in the growing building environments industry. As part of the deal, Johnson also 
will assume about $800 million in York's debt. 
Johnson said it has offered $56.50 per share in cash for York International, based in York, Pa. That represents a 
35.3 percent premium above York's closing price of $41.75 Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange. 
The deal was announced after the market close. York shares soared 32.4 percent, or $13.51, in after-hours 
trading on news of the company's sale. Johnson shares rose 7 cents after closing at $56.77, down 18 cents, on 
the NYSE. 
"The transaction will enable us to become a single source of integrated products and services that building 
owners want in order to optimize comfort and energy efficiency," Johnson Chairman and CEO John M. Barth said. 
York received no competing offers for its business, said Helen Marsteller, vice president for investor relations, 
who added that "the company was not for sale." 
Johnson said the acquisition would make it the largest global provider to the high-margin building services market 
and allow it to integrate York's equipment with the temperature-control equipment Johnson makes. 
York manufactures and services heating and cooling equipment, and Johnson Controls installs and maintains the 
technology that controls that equipment. 
The ability to offer both systems as a package and sell to international markets where the other is stronger will 
boost revenues in the segment by 10 percent or more annually, said Johnson Controls CEO and Chairman, John 
Barth. 
"There are two messages here. One is growth, growth, growth. The other is the cost synergies we've identified," 
Barth told The Associated Press. "We believe York is a great fit for Johnson Controls." 
Document DN00000020050825e18p00023

Page 45 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Johnson Controls to acquire York International for $2.4 billion 
Johnson Controls to acquire York International for $2.4 billion 
By MARTHA RAFFAELE 
Associated Press Writer 
579 words 
25 August 2005 
00:26 
Associated Press Newswires 
APRS 
English 
(c) 2005. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. 
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) - Johnson Controls Inc. is buying York International Corp., which makes ventilation, air 
conditioning and refrigeration equipment, for about $2.4 billion cash. 
Milwaukee-based Johnson Controls, which makes auto parts and industrial systems, said Wednesday the deal 
would nearly double its presence in the growing building environments industry. As part of the deal, Johnson will 
also assume about $800 million in York's debt. 
Johnson said it has offered $56.50 per share in cash for York, Pa.-based York International, a 35.3 percent 
premium above York's closing price of $41.75 Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange. 
The deal was announced after the market close. York shares soared 32.4 percent, or $13.51, in after-hours 
trading on news of the company's sale. Johnson shares rose 7 cents after closing at $56.77, down 18 cents on 
the NYSE. 
"The transaction will enable us to become a single source of integrated products and services that building 
owners want in order to optimize comfort and energy efficiency," Johnson Chairman and CEO John M. Barth said. 
York received no competing offers for its business, said Helen Marsteller, vice president for investor relations, 
who added that "the company was not for sale." 
Johnson said the acquisition would make it the largest global provider to the high-margin building services market 
and allow it to integrate York's equipment with the temperature-control equipment Johnson makes. 
York manufactures and services heating and cooling equipment, and Johnson Controls installs and maintains the 
technology that controls that equipment. 
The ability to offer both systems as a package and sell to international markets where the other is stronger will 
boost revenues in the segment by 10 percent or more annually, said John Barth, Johnson Controls' chief 
executive officer and chairman. 
"There are two messages here. One is growth, growth, growth. The other is the cost synergies we've identified," 
Barth told The Associated Press. "We believe York is a great fit for Johnson Controls." 
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services noted in a statement that the acquisition represents a shift in strategy for 
Johnson, which provides services for commercial buildings, by enabling it to enter the residential market. The 
transaction will also make Johnson an equipment manufacturer, "a business that has generated low returns for 
York in recent years," Standard & Poor's said. 
And while the two companies would benefit mutually from streamlined operations and opportunities to cross-sell 
products and services, "realizing sales and cost synergies will take several years, and the magnitude of the 
potential benefits is uncertain," Standard & Poor's said. 
It was unclear where the combined company would be headquartered or whether any layoffs would occur among 
Johnson's 120,000 employees or York's 24,000 workers. 
The acquisition is expected to be completed in December, pending regulatory approval and a vote by York 
shareholders.

Page 46 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
York posted 2004 sales of $4.51 billion, while Johnson Controls' sales totaled $26.55 billion. York will be 
combined with its nearly $6 billion controls group, Johnson Controls said. 
York is expected to modestly boost Johnson's earnings per share in fiscal 2006. Analysts expect Johnson to earn 
$4.99 per share for the fiscal year, according to a Thomson Financial survey. 
------ 
On the Net: 
Johnson Controls: http://www.johnsoncontrols.com/ 
York International: http://www.york.com 
7
Document APRS000020050825e18p000q5

Page 47 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Johnson Controls to acquire York International for $2.4 billion 
Johnson Controls to acquire York International for $2.4 billion 
By MARTHA RAFFAELE 
Associated Press Writer 
586 words 
24 August 2005 
21:04 
Associated Press Newswires 
APRS 
English 
(c) 2005. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. 
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) - Johnson Controls Inc. is buying York International Corp., which makes ventilation, air 
conditioning and refrigeration equipment, for about $2.4 billion cash. 
Milwaukee-based Johnson Controls, which makes auto parts and industrial systems, said Wednesday the deal 
would nearly double its presence in the growing building environments industry. As part of the deal, Johnson will 
also assume about $800 million in York's debt. 
Johnson said it has offered $56.50 per share in cash for York, Pa.-based York International, a 35.3 percent 
premium above York's closing price of $41.75 Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange. 
The deal was announced after the market close. York, which has a plant in Norman, Okla., saw its shares soar 
32.4 percent, or $13.51, in after-hours trading on news of the company's sale. Johnson shares rose 7 cents after 
closing at $56.77, down 18 cents on the NYSE. 
"The transaction will enable us to become a single source of integrated products and services that building 
owners want in order to optimize comfort and energy efficiency," Johnson Chairman and CEO John M. Barth said. 
York received no competing offers for its business, said Helen Marsteller, vice president for investor relations, 
who added that "the company was not for sale." 
Johnson said the acquisition would make it the largest global provider to the high-margin building services market 
and allow it to integrate York's equipment with the temperature-control equipment Johnson makes. 
York manufactures and services heating and cooling equipment, and Johnson Controls installs and maintains the 
technology that controls that equipment. 
The ability to offer both systems as a package and sell to international markets where the other is stronger will 
boost revenues in the segment by 10 percent or more annually, said Johnson Controls CEO and Chairman, John 
Barth. 
"There are two messages here. One is growth, growth, growth. The other is the cost synergies we've identified," 
Barth told The Associated Press. "We believe York is a great fit for Johnson Controls." 
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services noted in a statement that the acquisition represents a shift in strategy for 
Johnson, which provides services for commercial buildings, by enabling it to enter the residential market. The 
transaction will also make Johnson an equipment manufacturer, "a business that has generated low returns for 
York in recent years," Standard & Poor's said. 
And while the two companies would benefit mutually from streamlined operations and opportunities to cross-sell 
products and services, "realizing sales and cost synergies will take several years, and the magnitude of the 
potential benefits is uncertain," Standard & Poor's said. 
It was unclear where the combined company would be headquartered or whether any layoffs would occur among 
Johnson's 120,000 employees or York's 24,000 workers. 
The acquisition is expected to be completed in December, pending regulatory approval and a vote by York 
shareholders.

Page 48 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
York posted 2004 sales of $4.51 billion, while Johnson Controls' sales totaled $26.55 billion. York will be 
combined with its nearly $6 billion controls group, Johnson Controls said. 
York is expected to modestly boost Johnson's earnings per share in fiscal 2006. 
Analysts expect Johnson to earn $4.99 per share for the fiscal year, according to a Thomson Financial survey. 
------ 
On the Net: 
Johnson Controls: http://www.johnsoncontrols.com/ 
York International: http://www.york.com 
7
Document APRS000020050825e18p0007k

Page 49 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Johnson Controls to acquire York International for $2.4 billion 
Johnson Controls to acquire York International for $2.4 billion 
By MARTHA RAFFAELE 
Associated Press Writer 
577 words 
24 August 2005 
20:06 
Associated Press Newswires 
APRS 
English 
(c) 2005. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. 
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) - Johnson Controls Inc. is buying York International Corp., which makes ventilation, air 
conditioning and refrigeration equipment, for about $2.4 billion cash. 
Milwaukee-based Johnson Controls, which makes auto parts and industrial systems, said Wednesday the deal 
would nearly double its presence in the growing building environments industry. As part of the deal, Johnson will 
also assume about $800 million in York's debt. 
Johnson said it has offered $56.50 per share in cash for York, Pa.-based York International, a 35.3 percent 
premium above York's closing price of $41.75 Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange. 
The deal was announced after the market close. York shares soared 32.4 percent, or $13.51, in after-hours 
trading on news of the company's sale. Johnson shares rose 7 cents after closing at $56.77, down 18 cents on 
the NYSE. 
"The transaction will enable us to become a single source of integrated products and services that building 
owners want in order to optimize comfort and energy efficiency," Johnson Chairman and CEO John M. Barth said. 
York received no competing offers for its business, said Helen Marsteller, vice president for investor relations, 
who added that "the company was not for sale." 
Johnson said the acquisition would make it the largest global provider to the high-margin building services market 
and allow it to integrate York's equipment with the temperature-control equipment Johnson makes. 
York manufactures and services heating and cooling equipment, and Johnson Controls installs and maintains the 
technology that controls that equipment. 
The ability to offer both systems as a package and sell to international markets where the other is stronger will 
boost revenues in the segment by 10 percent or more annually, said Johnson Controls CEO and Chairman, John 
Barth. 
"There are two messages here. One is growth, growth, growth. The other is the cost synergies we've identified," 
Barth told The Associated Press. "We believe York is a great fit for Johnson Controls." 
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services noted in a statement that the acquisition represents a shift in strategy for 
Johnson, which provides services for commercial buildings, by enabling it to enter the residential market. The 
transaction will also make Johnson an equipment manufacturer, "a business that has generated low returns for 
York in recent years," Standard & Poor's said. 
And while the two companies would benefit mutually from streamlined operations and opportunities to cross-sell 
products and services, "realizing sales and cost synergies will take several years, and the magnitude of the 
potential benefits is uncertain," Standard & Poor's said. 
It was unclear where the combined company would be headquartered or whether any layoffs would occur among 
Johnson's 120,000 employees or York's 24,000 workers. 
The acquisition is expected to be completed in December, pending regulatory approval and a vote by York 
shareholders.

Page 50 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
York posted 2004 sales of $4.51 billion, while Johnson Controls' sales totaled $26.55 billion. York will be 
combined with its nearly $6 billion controls group, Johnson Controls said. 
York is expected to modestly boost Johnson's earnings per share in fiscal 2006. 
Analysts expect Johnson to earn $4.99 per share for the fiscal year, according to a Thomson Financial survey. 
------ 
On the Net: 
Johnson Controls: http://www.johnsoncontrols.com/ 
York International: http://www.york.com 
7
Document APRS000020050825e18p0001f

Page 51 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Johnson Controls buying York for $3.2 bln - UPDATE 3 
Johnson Controls buying York for $3.2 bln - UPDATE 3 
684 words 
25 August 2005 
AFX Asia 
AFXASI 
English 
(c) 2005, AFX Asia. All rights reserved. 
SAN FRANCISCO (XFN-ASIA) -- Car-parts giant Johnson Controls Inc. will buy York International Corp. for $3.2 
billion in a move aimed at taking on the huge heating, air conditioning and ventilation market, the companies said. 
Shares of York International soared 35% to $56.50 in early trading Thursday after the deal was announced late 
Wednesday. Shares of Johnson Controls were 4% higher at $59.05. 
According to the terms of the deal, Johnson Controls , based in Milwaukee, will pay $2.4 billion, or $56.50 a 
share, for York in an all-cash transaction that includes assumption of about $800 million in York debt. 
The deal carries a 35% premium to York's closing price of $41.75.York shares were up 91 cents Wednesday 
ahead of the after-hours announcement, while Johnson Controls shares finished the daytime session with an 
18-cent drop at $56.77. 
Johnson Controls said it expects to tap the short- and long-term credit markets to finance the deal, which it said 
has been unanimously approved by both companies' boards. 
Johnson Controls said its expects to close the deal in December, pending regulatory and shareholder approval, at 
which time York will be folded into Johnson Controls' controls group, a diversified division that will contribute 
nearly $6 billion to the company's estimated 2005 revenue of $28 billion. 
Johnson said it expects York -- a company with annual sales of nearly $5 billion -- to add "modestly" to its bottom 
line in fiscal 2006. The deal is also seen shaving about $275 million a year from its tax and operating costs by 
2008. 
"By joining with York, a market leader with a strong growth outlook, Johnson Controls is staking out a strategic 
leadership position in the global building environments industry that will offer significant growth potential and 
synergies with our Controls business," Johnson Controls Chairman and CEO John Barth said in a statement. 
"Importantly, Johnson Controls will maintain its strong financial position, while substantially diversifying our 
business mix," he added. 
"The deal makes strategic sense to us," wrote Wachovia Securities analysts Thursday, because it makes 
Johnson Controls more vertically integrated in the fragmented building controls business. But "the sheer size of 
the acquisition could cause investors some concern," Wachovia said. 
"In our view, Johnson Controls likely sought out this acquisition to prop up its growth prospects, which may be 
waning in the automotive interiors business and are probably five years from materializing on the batteries side, " 
according to a Prudential's note to investors. 
Branching out 
Johnson Control's big bet on the building industry is part of its effort to cultivate business beyond the automotive 
sector, which in recent months has been hurt by dwindling orders from General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. 
as Detroit's two top car makers struggle with declining North American sales. 
Just last month, Johnson Controls CEO Barth credited a surge in battery sales and control systems for helping 
the company "overcome challenges in the current automotive market." 
Johnson Controls completed its $202.5 million purchase of Delphi Corp.'s global battery business in early July.

Page 52 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
It was not the company's only push toward diversification this year. 
In May Johnson paid $80 million for Connecticut-based USI Companies, which offers a range of services from 
financial consulting and portfolio management to industrial design. 
Touting the merits of the deal, Johnson Controls predicts York will give it greater access to the $200 billion global 
heating, air-conditioning and ventilation market, on which it has pinned high hopes for strong demand in China, 
Central Europe, Latin America and the Middle East. 
York brings with it a vast array of industrial and residential products, including Bristol compressors and air 
conditioning, refrigeration and ventilation systems found on ships, in homes, and at commercial and industrial 
facilities throughout the world. 
Behind the scenes, JPMorgan advised Johnson Controls on the deal while Credit Suisse First Boston LLC 
provided financial advice to York International. 
This story was supplied by MarketWatch. For further information see www. marketwatch.com. 
MMMM 
Document AFXASI0020050825e18p00af1

Page 53 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Johnson Controls buying York for $3.2 bln - UPDATE 2 
Johnson Controls buying York for $3.2 bln - UPDATE 2 
688 words 
25 August 2005 
AFX Asia 
AFXASI 
English 
(c) 2005, AFX Asia. All rights reserved. 
SAN FRANCISCO (XFN-ASIA) -- Car-parts giant Johnson Controls Inc. will buy York International Corp. for $3.2 
billion in a move aimed at taking on the huge heating, air conditioning and ventilation market, the companies said. 
Shares of York International soared 34% to $56.02 in pre-open trading Thursday after the deal was announced 
late Wednesday. Shares of Johnson Controls were 2.1% higher on Instinet to $57.98. 
According to the terms of the deal, Johnson Controls , based in Milwaukee, will pay $2.4 billion, or $56.50 a 
share, for York in an all-cash transaction that includes assumption of about $800 million in York debt. 
The deal carries a 35% premium to York's closing price of $41.75.York shares were up 91 cents Wednesday 
ahead of the after-hours announcement, while Johnson Controls shares finished the daytime session with an 
18-cent drop at $56.77. 
Johnson Controls said it expects to tap the short- and long-term credit markets to finance the deal, which it said 
has been unanimously approved by both companies' boards. 
Johnson Controls said its expects to close the deal in December, pending regulatory and shareholder approval, at 
which time York will be folded into Johnson Controls' controls group, a diversified division that will contribute 
nearly $6 billion to the company's estimated 2005 revenue of $28 billion. 
Johnson said it expects York -- a company with annual sales of nearly $5 billion -- to add "modestly" to its bottom 
line in fiscal 2006. The deal is also seen shaving about $275 million a year from its tax and operating costs by 
2008. 
"By joining with York, a market leader with a strong growth outlook, Johnson Controls is staking out a strategic 
leadership position in the global building environments industry that will offer significant growth potential and 
synergies with our Controls business," Johnson Controls Chairman and CEO John Barth said in a statement. 
"Importantly, Johnson Controls will maintain its strong financial position, while substantially diversifying our 
business mix," he added. 
"The deal makes strategic sense to us," wrote Wachovia Securities analysts Thursday, because it makes 
Johnson Controls more vertically integrated in the fragmented building controls business. But "the sheer size of 
the acquisition could cause investors some concern," Wachovia said. 
"In our view, Johnson Controls likely sought out this acquisition to prop up its growth prospects, which may be 
waning in the automotive interiors business and are probably five years from materializing on the batteries side, " 
according to a Prudential's note to investors. 
Branching out 
Johnson Control's big bet on the building industry is part of its effort to cultivate business beyond the automotive 
sector, which in recent months has been hurt by dwindling orders from General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. 
as Detroit's two top car makers struggle with declining North American sales. 
Just last month, Johnson Controls CEO Barth credited a surge in battery sales and control systems for helping 
the company "overcome challenges in the current automotive market." 
Johnson Controls completed its $202.5 million purchase of Delphi Corp.'s global battery business in early July.

Page 54 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
It was not the company's only push toward diversification this year. 
In May Johnson paid $80 million for Connecticut-based USI Companies, which offers a range of services from 
financial consulting and portfolio management to industrial design. 
Touting the merits of the deal, Johnson Controls predicts York will give it greater access to the $200 billion global 
heating, air-conditioning and ventilation market, on which it has pinned high hopes for strong demand in China, 
Central Europe, Latin America and the Middle East. 
York brings with it a vast array of industrial and residential products, including Bristol compressors and air 
conditioning, refrigeration and ventilation systems found on ships, in homes, and at commercial and industrial 
facilities throughout the world. 
Behind the scenes, JPMorgan advised Johnson Controls on the deal while Credit Suisse First Boston LLC 
provided financial advice to York International. 
This story was supplied by MarketWatch. For further information see www. marketwatch.com. 
MMMM 
Document AFXASI0020050825e18p00a6q

Page 55 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Johnson Controls buying York for $3.2B - UPDATE 1 
Johnson Controls buying York for $3.2B - UPDATE 1 
687 words 
25 August 2005 
AFX Asia 
AFXASI 
English 
(c) 2005, AFX Asia. All rights reserved. 
SAN FRANCISCO (XFN-ASIA) -- Car-parts giant Johnson Controls Inc. will buy York International Corp. for $3.2 
billion in a move aimed at taking on the huge heating, air conditioning and ventilation market, the companies said. 
Shares of York International soared 34% to $56.02 in pre-open trading Thursday after the deal was announced 
late Wednesday. Shares of Johnson Controls were 2.1% higher on Instinet to $57.98. 
According to the terms of the deal, Johnson Controls , based in Milwaukee, will pay $2.4 billion, or $56.50 a 
share, for York in an all-cash transaction that includes assumption of about $800 million in York debt. 
The deal carries a 35% premium to York's closing price of $41.75.York shares were up 91 cents Wednesday 
ahead of the after-hours announcement, while Johnson Controls shares finished the daytime session with an 
18-cent drop at $56.77. 
Johnson Controls said it expects to tap the short- and long-term credit markets to finance the deal, which it said 
has been unanimously approved by both companies' boards. 
Johnson Controls said its expects to close the deal in December, pending regulatory and shareholder approval, at 
which time York will be folded into Johnson Controls' controls group, a diversified division that will contribute 
nearly $6 billion to the company's estimated 2005 revenue of $28 billion. 
Johnson said it expects York -- a company with annual sales of nearly $5 billion -- to add "modestly" to its bottom 
line in fiscal 2006. The deal is also seen shaving about $275 million a year from its tax and operating costs by 
2008. 
"By joining with York, a market leader with a strong growth outlook, Johnson Controls is staking out a strategic 
leadership position in the global building environments industry that will offer significant growth potential and 
synergies with our Controls business," Johnson Controls Chairman and CEO John Barth said in a statement. 
"Importantly, Johnson Controls will maintain its strong financial position, while substantially diversifying our 
business mix," he added. 
"The deal makes strategic sense to us," wrote Wachovia Securities analysts Thursday, because it makes 
Johnson Controls more vertically integrated in the fragmented building controls business. But "the sheer size of 
the acquisition could cause investors some concern," Wachovia said. 
"In our view, Johnson Controls likely sought out this acquisition to prop up its growth prospects, which may be 
waning in the automotive interiors business and are probably five years from materializing on the batteries side, " 
according to a Prudential's note to investors. 
Branching out 
Johnson Control's big bet on the building industry is part of its effort to cultivate business beyond the automotive 
sector, which in recent months has been hurt by dwindling orders from General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. 
as Detroit's two top car makers struggle with declining North American sales. 
Just last month, Johnson Controls CEO Barth credited a surge in battery sales and control systems for helping 
the company "overcome challenges in the current automotive market." 
Johnson Controls completed its $202.5 million purchase of Delphi Corp.'s global battery business in early July.

Page 56 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
It was not the company's only push toward diversification this year. 
In May Johnson paid $80 million for Connecticut-based USI Companies, which offers a range of services from 
financial consulting and portfolio management to industrial design. 
Touting the merits of the deal, Johnson Controls predicts York will give it greater access to the $200 billion global 
heating, air-conditioning and ventilation market, on which it has pinned high hopes for strong demand in China, 
Central Europe, Latin America and the Middle East. 
York brings with it a vast array of industrial and residential products, including Bristol compressors and air 
conditioning, refrigeration and ventilation systems found on ships, in homes, and at commercial and industrial 
facilities throughout the world. 
Behind the scenes, JPMorgan advised Johnson Controls on the deal while Credit Suisse First Boston LLC 
provided financial advice to York International. 
This story was supplied by MarketWatch. For further information see www. marketwatch.com. 
MMMM 
Document AFXASI0020050825e18p00a15

Page 57 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Johnson Controls buying York for $3.2B 
Johnson Controls buying York for $3.2B 
671 words 
25 August 2005 
AFX Asia 
AFXASI 
English 
(c) 2005, AFX Asia. All rights reserved. 
SAN FRANCISCO (XFN-ASIA) - Car-parts giant Johnson Controls Inc. will buy York International Corp. for $3.2 
billion in a move aimed at taking on the huge heating, air conditioning and ventilation market, the companies said. 
Shares of York International soared 34% to $56.02 in pre-open trading Thursday after the deal was announced 
late Wednesday. Shares of Johnson Controls were 2.1% higher on Instinet to $57.98. 
Johnson Controls, Milwaukee, will pay $2.4 billion, or $56.50 a share, for York in an all-cash deal that includes 
assuming about $800 million of York debt. 
The deal carries a 35% premium to York's closing price of $41.75.York shares rose 91 cents ahead of the 
after-hours announcement, while Johnson Controls shares finished the session with an 18 cent drop at $56.77. 
Johnson Controls said it expects to tap the short and long-term credit markets to finance the deal, which already 
has been unanimously approved by both companies' boards. 
Johnson Controls said its expects to close the deal in December, pending regulatory and shareholder approval, at 
which time York will be folded into Johnson Controls' Controls Group, a diversified division that will contribute 
nearly $6 billion to the company's estimated 2005 revenue of $28 billion. 
Johnson said it expects York -- a company with annual sales of nearly $5 billion -- to add "modestly" to its bottom 
line in fiscal 2006. The deal is also seen shaving about $275 million a year from its tax and operating costs by 
2008. 
"By joining with York, a market leader with a strong growth outlook, Johnson Controls is staking out a strategic 
leadership position in the global building environments industry that will offer significant growth potential and 
synergies with our Controls business," Johnson Controls Chairman and CEO John Barth said in a statement. 
"Importantly, Johnson Controls will maintain its strong financial position, while substantially diversifying our 
business mix," he added. 
"The deal makes strategic sense to us," wrote Wachovia Securities analysts Thursday, because it makes 
Johnson Controls more vertically integrated in the fragmented building controls business. But "the sheer size of 
the acquisition could cause investors some concern," Wachovia said. 
"In our view, Johnson Controls likely sought out this acquisition to prop up its growth prospects, which may be 
waning in the automotive interiors business and are probably five years from materializing on the batteries side, " 
according to a Prudential's note to investors. 
Branching out 
Johnson Control's big bet on the building industry is part of its effort to cultivate business beyond the automotive 
sector, which in recent months has been hurt by dwindling orders from General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. 
as Detroit's two top car makers struggle with declining North American sales. 
Just last month, Johnson Controls CEO Barth credited a surge in battery sales and control systems for helping 
the company "overcome challenges in the current automotive market." 
Johnson Controls completed its $202.5 million purchase of Delphi Corp.'s global battery business in early July. 
It was not the company's only push toward diversification this year.

Page 58 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
In May Johnson paid $80 million for Connecticut-based USI Companies, which offers a range of services from 
financial consulting and portfolio management to industrial design. 
Touting the merits of the deal, Johnson Controls predicts York will give it greater access to the $200 billion global 
heating, air-conditioning and ventilation market, on which it has pinned high hopes for strong demand in China, 
Central Europe, Latin America and the Middle East. 
York brings with it a vast array of industrial and residential products, including Bristol compressors and air 
conditioning, refrigeration and ventilation systems found on ships, in homes, and at commercial and industrial 
facilities throughout the world. 
Behind the scenes, JPMorgan advised Johnson Controls on the deal while Credit Suisse First Boston LLC 
provided financial advice to York International. 
This story was supplied by MarketWatch. For further information see www. marketwatch.com. 
MMMM 
Document AFXASI0020050825e18p009vl

Page 59 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Johnson Controls to Buy York International 
Johnson Controls to Buy York International 
By MARTHA RAFFAELE 
Associated Press Writer 
573 words 
24 August 2005 
19:42 
Associated Press Newswires 
APRS 
English 
(c) 2005. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. 
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) - Johnson Controls Inc. is buying York International Corp., which makes ventilation, air 
conditioning and refrigeration equipment, for about $2.4 billion cash. 
Milwaukee-based Johnson Controls, which makes auto parts and industrial systems, said Wednesday the deal 
would nearly double its presence in the growing building environments industry. As part of the deal, Johnson will 
also assume about $800 million in York's debt. 
Johnson said it has offered $56.50 per share in cash for York, Pa.-based York International, a 35.3 percent 
premium above York's closing price of $41.75 Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange. 
The deal was announced after the market close. York shares soared 32.4 percent, or $13.51, in after-hours 
trading on news of the company's sale. Johnson shares rose 7 cents after closing at $56.77, down 18 cents on 
the NYSE. 
"The transaction will enable us to become a single source of integrated products and services that building 
owners want in order to optimize comfort and energy efficiency," Johnson Chairman and CEO John M. Barth said. 
York received no competing offers for its business, said Helen Marsteller, vice president for investor relations, 
who added that "the company was not for sale." 
Johnson said the acquisition would make it the largest global provider to the high-margin building services market 
and allow it to integrate York's equipment with the temperature-control equipment Johnson makes. 
York manufactures and services heating and cooling equipment, and Johnson Controls installs and maintains the 
technology that controls that equipment. 
The ability to offer both systems as a package and sell to international markets where the other is stronger will 
boost revenues in the segment by 10 percent or more annually, said Johnson Controls CEO and Chairman, John 
Barth. 
"There are two messages here. One is growth, growth, growth. The other is the cost synergies we've identified," 
Barth told The Associated Press. "We believe York is a great fit for Johnson Controls." 
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services noted in a statement that the acquisition represents a shift in strategy for 
Johnson, which provides services for commercial buildings, by enabling it to enter the residential market. The 
transaction will also make Johnson an equipment manufacturer, "a business that has generated low returns for 
York in recent years," Standard & Poor's said. 
And while the two companies would benefit mutually from streamlined operations and opportunities to cross-sell 
products and services, "realizing sales and cost synergies will take several years, and the magnitude of the 
potential benefits is uncertain," Standard & Poor's said. 
It was unclear where the combined company would be headquartered or whether any layoffs would occur among 
Johnson's 120,000 employees or York's 24,000 workers. 
The acquisition is expected to be completed in December, pending regulatory approval and a vote by York 
shareholders.

Page 60 of 60 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
York posted 2004 sales of $4.51 billion, while Johnson Controls' sales totaled $26.55 billion. York will be 
combined with its nearly $6 billion controls group, Johnson Controls said. 
York is expected to modestly boost Johnson's earnings per share in fiscal 2006. 
Analysts expect Johnson to earn $4.99 per share for the fiscal year, according to a Thomson Financial survey. 
------ 
On the Net: 
Johnson Controls: http://www.johnsoncontrols.com/ 
York International: http://www.york.com 
7
Document APRS000020050824e18o002v9 
Search Summary 
Text John Barth AND York International 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2006 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Johnson Controls, Inc. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

