Page 1 of 8 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Philip Morris nabs Rothmans; Company behind Marlboro offers $2-billion for largest Canadian-owned cigarette maker 
2
UPDATE 2-Philip Morris to buy Canada's Rothmans for C$2 bln ...................................................................................5 
Philip Morris International to buy Canada's Rothmans....................................................................................................7

Page 2 of 8 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Philip Morris nabs Rothmans; Company behind Marlboro offers $2-billion for largest Canadian-owned cigarette maker 
TOBACCO 
Report on Business: Canadian 
Philip Morris nabs Rothmans; Company behind Marlboro offers $2-billion for largest Canadian-owned 
cigarette maker 
PAUL WALDIE 
1,025 words 
1 August 2008 
The Globe and Mail 
GLOB 
B1 
English 
2008 CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The largest Canadian-owned cigarette maker, Rothmans Inc., has been caught up in the latest wave of 
consolidation in the global tobacco industry, with a $2-billion takeover bid from New York-based Philip Morris 
International Inc. 
The all-cash offer is worth $30 a share, about 17-per-cent higher than Rothmans' shares have been trading in 
the past few weeks on the Toronto Stock Exchange. 
Toronto-based Rothmans is the second-largest tobacco company in Canada, behind Imperial Tobacco Canada, 
a division of British American Tobacco PLC, and has about a third of the market. Its operations are carried out 
through its lone subsidiary – Rothmans Benson & Hedges Inc. 
Philip Morris, maker of Marlboro, already owns 40 per cent of Rothmans Benson & Hedges, thanks to a series of 
mergers in 1986. 
“We see it as a strategic part, a profitable market, and part of our overall strategy to go into profitable markets,” 
said Nick Rollie, a Philip Morris spokesman. 
Rothmans' board of directors has endorsed the bid and recommended it to shareholders. 
While the tobacco business has been in a steady decline in North America – the number of Canadian smokers 
has been cut in half in the past 20 years – Rothmans has been able to buck the trend by offering more discount 
brands, such as Accord, Canadian Classics and Mark Ten. 
Those brands sell for as much as $3 a package less than premium brands such as Benson & Hedges. 
The company's revenue increased 8 per cent to $670.6-million in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2008. Profit 
jumped 17 per cent to $117.6-million. 
Yesterday's bid came because of some extraordinary timing. 
On March 28, Philip Morris was spun off from Altria Group Inc. and the company's chief executive officer, Louis 
Camilleri, vowed to pursue acquisitions. 
At the same time, Rothmans was ending its impressive 2008 fiscal year and negotiating settlements with the 
federal and provincial governments to resolve a prolonged RCMP investigation. Police alleged that between 1989 
and 1996, Rothmans and Imperial exported tax-free cigarettes to locations in the United States near the 
Canadian border, helping smugglers get the smokes back into the country. The companies were allegedly trying 
to protect their market share in the face of soaring tobacco taxes and growing contraband cigarettes. 
In early April, Philip Morris “came forward and said, ‘I don't know whether this clarifies the situation or not but we 
would be interested in making an offer for all the outstanding shares of Rothmans Inc. The only thing we would 
like to see is some resolution of those discussions,' ” Rothmans spokesman Barry Joslin said. “So they asked for 
clarity and certainty, in that regard, and those discussions moved forward.”

Page 3 of 8 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Yesterday, Rothmans and Imperial announced they had settled the charges and will pay more than $1-billion in 
total fines and penalties over the next 10 years. Moments later, Rothmans and Philip Morris announced the 
takeover bid. 
The tobacco industry has been consolidating globally for years and there are now three main players, Philip 
Morris, British American Tobacco and Japan Tobacco Inc., which owns JTI-Macdonald Corp. in Canada. 
However, some analysts are expecting another wave of consolidation among several large U.S. cigarette makers. 
“We believe the pivotal question is not whether or not we will see consolidation, but rather what combinations 
make sense, timing, and the magnitude of synergies,” Nik Modi, a New York-based analyst at UBS, said in a 
lengthy report last month. 
Mr. Joslin played down the impact of Rothmans being owned by a giant global player. He said if the deal goes 
through, Philip Morris plans no drastic changes and will increase investment at Rothmans' main plant in Quebec 
City. 
He added that Rothmans' chief executive officer, John Barnett, plans to stay. 
“One of the things we always wrestled with as a small independent company was we were competing against 
British American Tobacco and Japan Tobacco, huge international companies with greater resources. Now we 
become part of an international company with large resources as well.” 
Rothmans (ROC) 
Close: $29.70, up $3.53 
Philip Morris (PM) 
Close: $51.65 (U.S.), down $1.72 
At a glance 
Philip Morris 
1847 Philip Morris Esq. opens up his first tobacco shop on London's Bond Street. 
1957 After 55 years of peddling cigarettes, the New York-based Philip Morris & Co. ventures beyond the tobacco 
industry and acquires Milwaukee's Milprint and Nicolet Paper Co. 
1988 In its largest acquisition, the tobacco giant scoops up Kraft Foods Inc., makers of Maxwell House coffee, 
Jell-O, and Kool-Aid. 
2000 In the largest class-action award in history, a Florida judge orders big tobacco companies to pay $145-billion 
(U.S.) in damages to the state's ailing smokers. Philip Morris is slapped with about half the total: $73.96-billion. 
2007 Five years after rebranding itself Altria Group Inc. – with Philip Morris as its tobacco-focused subsidiary – 
the company parts with Kraft Foods, which is spun off into its own independent company. 
Rothmans 
1899 Rock City Tobacco Co., a predecessor of Rothmans Inc., sets up shop in Quebec City. 
1963 Britain's Rothmans of Pall Mall Ltd. buys Rock City Tobacco, which is well-known in Canada for cigarette 
labels Craven A and Sportsman. 
1986 The company merges with British-based Benson & Hedges to form a major Canadian tobacco player with 
more than 780 employees: Rothmans Benson & Hedges Inc., which is operated by holding company Rothmans 
Inc. 
1999 Rothmans International, which holds Rothmans Inc., merges with British American Tobacco PLC. Since 
British American Tobacco now controls 90 per cent of the Canadian cigarette market with its holdings of both 
Rothmans and Imperial Tobacco Canada Ltd., it announces months later it will sell its shares of Rothmans to 
the public.

Page 4 of 8 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
2008 Rothmans Benson & Hedges Inc. pleads guilty to one charge related to cigarette smuggling as part of a 
settlement that includes $550-million in fines and penalties. 
Illustration 
Document GLOB000020080801e4810005j

Page 5 of 8 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE 2-Philip Morris to buy Canada's Rothmans for C$2 bln 
UPDATE 2-Philip Morris to buy Canada's Rothmans for C$2 bln 
495 words 
31 July 2008 
12:20 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2008 Reuters Limited 
(Adds Rothmans, Canadian Competition Bureau comments) 
CHICAGO, July 31 (Reuters) - Philip Morris International Inc said on Thursday it agreed to acquire Rothmans Inc 
for about C$2 billion ($1.96 billion) in a deal that would give it total control of Canada's No. 2 cigarette maker. 
The deal offers C$30 a share for Rothmans, whose sole holding is a 60-percent stake in cigarette maker 
Rothmans Benson & Hedges Inc (RBH). Philip Morris already owned 40 percent of the cigarette maker. 
Philip Morris's offer represents almost a 17 percent premium over Rothmans' 20-day average trading price 
through July 30. 
"Rothmans shareholders will receive a significant cash premium and PMI consolidates its presence in a market 
that we deem financially attractive and of strategic importance going forward," Philip Morris Chairman and Chief 
Executive Louis Camilleri said. 
Rothmans and RBH earlier Thursday said they had already paid a C$100 million fine and agreed to pay C$450 
million more over the next 10 years to settle a case after pleading guilty to helping smugglers. 
Philip Morris also cut its reported second-quarter earnings to 86 cents a share from 87 cents to reflect a noncash 
charge of $124 million for its share of the RBH's portion of the settlement. 
Philip Morris was spun off from Altria Group Inc at the end of March. 
RBH, whose main customers are wholesalers that distribute to retailers across Canada, shipped 10.7 million 
cigarettes into the Canadian market in the most recent fourth quarter and said it controls about 33 percent of 
Canadian market share. 
Its cigar, pipe tobacco, duty-free and export businesses combined represent about 7 percent of its annual 
revenue. 
"We're a small fish in a big pond to some extent in Canada," said Rothmans spokesman Barry Joslin. 
"We've always been faced with the prospect that both of our competitors are aligned with international companies 
that have many more resources than we do." 
RBH processes leaf tobacco at plants in Brampton, Ontario and Quebec City, Quebec. 
"Philip Morris has no intentions of making any significant adjustments to our manufacturing base here, in fact they 
intend to invest in product and manufacturing improvements," Joslin said. 
Toronto-based Rothmans is Canada's only publicly traded tobacco company. A predecessor company, Rock City 
Tobacco Co, began operations in 1899 in Quebec City. 
Canada's Competition Bureau said it will be review the proposed transaction to determine if there are any issues, 
but could not comment on the timing. 
Rothmans shares were up C$3.49 at $29.66 on Thursday on the Toronto Stock Exchange, while Philip Morris 
shares were down $1.11 at $52.26 on the New York Stock Exchange. (Reporting by Brad Dorfman and Susan 
Taylor; editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)

Page 6 of 8 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
ROTHMANS/PHILIPMORRIS (UPDATE 2)|LANGEN|ABN|E|RBN|U|D|CANT|RNP|DNP|PCO 
Document LBA0000020080731e47v0024a

Page 7 of 8 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Philip Morris International to buy Canada's Rothmans 
Philip Morris International to buy Canada's Rothmans 
320 words 
31 July 2008 
14:39 
Agence France Presse 
AFPR 
English 
Copyright Agence France-Presse, 2008 All reproduction and presentation rights reserved. 
Philip Morris International said Thursday it has struck a friendly matchup with Canadian tobacco company 
Rothmans Inc. in a two billion Canadian dollar (1.9 billion US) takeover deal. 
PMI, the global cigarette maker and distributor of leading brand Marlboro, already owns a 40 percent stake in 
Rothmans, Benson & Hedges (RBH). 
Rothmans Inc.'s sole holding is its 60 percent interest in RBH, whose brands include Rothmans, Benson & 
Hedges, Craven A and Belmont. 
PMI and Rothmans have been joint shareholders of RBH since 1986. 
The takeover offer of 30 Canadian dollars per share represents a 14 percent premium to Rothmans's closing 
share price Wednesday, PMI said in a statement. 
The New York-based company said the agreement and related offer had "the full support" of the Rothmans 
board of directors. 
"This proposed acquisition is a win-win for both Rothmans and PMI shareholders," said Louis Camilleri, 
chairman and chief executive of PMI. 
"Rothmans shareholders will receive a significant cash premium and PMI consolidates its presence in a market 
that we deem financially attractive and of strategic importance going forward." 
PMI said it had agreed to make the offer following Rothmans's and RBH's finalization of a 550 million Canadian 
dollar settlement with the government of Canada and all 10 provinces, announced separately Thursday by 
Rothmans. 
The settlement resolves the Royal Canadian Mounted Police's investigation relating to tobacco products exported 
from Canada by RBH during the 1989-1996 period. 
RBH has agreed to plea guilty to a single count of violating a provision of Canada's excise law, Rothmans said in 
a separate statement. 
PMI, which was spun off in March by US tobacco giant Altria, has a broad range of brands including Philip Morris, 
Chesterfield, Parliament, and Virginia Slims. Its products are sold in more than 160 countries. 
vs/jjc 
US-Canada-tobacco-company-takeover-PMI-Rothmans 
Document AFPR000020080731e47v0089m 
Search Summary 
Text Louis Camilleri AND Rothmans 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2009 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors

Page 8 of 8 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Company Philip Morris International, Inc. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

