Page 1 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Power surge: PanEngery, Duke merge...........................................................................................................................2 
US GAS ELECTRICITY DEAL VALUED AT $7.7BN. .....................................................................................................3 
DUKE POWER AND PANENERGY AGREE $8BN STOCK SWAP MERGER. .............................................................4 
DUKE POWER AND PANENERGY AGREE $8BN STOCK SWAP MERGER. .............................................................5 
Duke, PanEnergy to merge in $7.7 billion stock deal......................................................................................................6

Page 2 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Power surge: PanEngery, Duke merge 
MONEY 
Power surge: PanEngery, Duke merge 
Bill Montague 
372 words 
26 November 1996 
USA Today 
USAT 
FINAL 
01B 
English 
© 1996 USA Today. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved. 
The winds of deregulation blowing through the utility industry have prompted another giant merger -- between 
Duke Power, one of the USA's largest electric companies, and PanEnergy, a natural-gas firm. 
The $7.7 billion merger, announced Monday, is the latest in a string of deals provoked by the drive to open U.S. 
power markets to competition. Congress is expected to consider a deregulation bill next year. 
Duke, based in Charlotte, N.C., serves over 1.8 million customers in North and South Carolina. Houston-based 
PanEnergy is the third-largest U.S. marketer of natural gas, and operates 37,000 miles of pipeline, mostly in the 
Northeast and Midwest. 
PanEnergy shareholders will receive 1.44 shares of Duke Power stock for each of their PanEnergy shares, 
leaving them with a 44% stake in the new company, to be called Duke Energy. The firm will have a market value 
of approximately $23 billion. 
``This combination creates the preeminent provider of energy and energy services in North America,'' says 
William Grigg, CEO of Duke Power. 
But the merger still must be approved by shareholders of both firms, as well as by state and federal regulators. 
Company officials say the process could take up to a year. 
For Duke, the merger has both defensive and offensive advantages, says Daniele Seitz, analyst with UBS 
Securities. 
By merging with PanEnergy, Duke should be able to obtain the stable, long-term fuel supplies it will need to build 
powerplants and compete outside its home market. 
At the same time, the deal could deter other utilities or gas firms from entering Duke's Carolina markets once they 
open to competition. 
Duke and PanEnergy also plan to boost combined annual revenue up to $225 million by 2000, through 
expansion of their unregulated activities such as power and gas sales in wholesale markets. 
Duke will have to achieve those gains to justify the high price it paid for PanEnergy, analysts say. Duke's stock 
fell 13/4 to $461/8 Monday, while PanEnergy rose 13/4 to $44. 
``The price was a bit of a shock,'' Seitz says. ``But the combination is logical and will be positive in the longer 
term.'' 
Document usat000020011015dsbq00nae

Page 3 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
US GAS ELECTRICITY DEAL VALUED AT $7.7BN. 
US GAS ELECTRICITY DEAL VALUED AT $7.7BN. 
By David Usborne New York. 
362 words 
26 November 1996 
The Independent - London 
IND 
21 
English 
(c) 1996 Independent Newspapers (UK) Limited . All rights reserved. This material may not be published, 
distributed or exploited in any way. 
Consolidation in the American energy sector gathered speed yesterday when Duke Power, a North 
Carolina-based electricity utility, announced plans to acquire PanEnergy Corp, a gas pipeline operator, in a deal 
worth $7.7bn (#4.6bn). 
If approved by shareholders and by government regulators, the deal with be largest ever to be consummated by 
companies from the electricity and gas sectors of the power industry. Duke Power and PanEnergy will have a 
combined market value of $23bn. The new company will be called Duke Energy. 
"As the gas and electric markets have begun to converge, we have recognised a need to align ourselves with an 
electric partner," Paul Anderson, president of PanEnergy, said. 
Duke Energy has a strong reputation as one of America's largest and most efficient electric utilities with 1.8 million 
customers in the Carolinas. PanEnergy, based in Houston, is the country's third-largest distributor of natural gas 
with 37,000 miles of pipeline in the Mid-west and North-east. 
Spurred by deregulation, the consolidation of America's power concerns offers customers, industrial and 
residential, the chance to shop one-stop for their energy needs. 
Other recent transactions have included the purchase by Enrons Corp of Houston, America's largest natural gas 
supplier, of Portland General Corp. 
The drive to expand has also led several US electric utilities to look abroad for acquisitions and, in particular, to 
the UK where deregulation has also taken effect. Recent examples have included the outstanding bid of 
Idaho-based CalEnergy for Northern Electric. 
In a tax-free stock swap, Duke is to trade 1.0444 shares of its stock for every share in PanEnergy, representing 
an 18.3 per cent premium over PanEnergy's closing price last Friday of $47.87. Both companies expect the deal 
to be completed within 12 months. 
"This strategic merger is about growth, opportunity and creating value," said William Grigg, chairman of Duke. 
"Each of our companies has a recognised name and a strong reputation in our industries. This combination 
creates the pre-eminent provider of energy and energy services in North America." 
Document ind0000020011017dsbq0049s

Page 4 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
DUKE POWER AND PANENERGY AGREE $8BN STOCK SWAP MERGER. 
DUKE POWER AND PANENERGY AGREE $8BN STOCK SWAP MERGER. 
By Richard Tomkins in New York. 
433 words 
26 November 1996 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
31 
English 
(c) 1996 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
The rapidly consolidating US energy industry was yesterday poised to see its biggest combination yet with the 
announcement that Duke Power and PanEnergy had agreed to merge in a stock swap worth $7.7bn. 
Duke Power is one of the largest US electricity utilities and PanEnergy is one of the largest natural gas 
companies. Together, they will form what they described as "the pre-eminent provider of energy and energy 
services in North America". 
The transaction dwarfs other recent takeovers in the US energy industry, the larger of which have typically valued 
the target company at $2bn to $3bn. It also reflects a growing trend for electricity companies to seek mergers with 
gas companies in order to become "full service" energy suppliers. 
Until recently, most mergers in the US energy industry were between electricity utilities seeking to gain strength in 
the face of a gradual deregulation of the US electricity market. 
However, some electricity companies have become concerned that electricity supply will become a low-margin 
business when deregulation is complete, and are now looking for ways to diversify into a wider range of energy 
products and services. 
Last month Enova, a Californian electricity utility, agreed to merge with Pacific Enterprises, a Californian gas 
company, in a stock swap worth $2.8bn; and in August, Houston Industries, a Texas electricity utility, agreed to 
merge with NorAm Energy, a Texas gas company, in a stock swap worth $2.4bn. 
Duke Power, based in Charlotte, North Carolina, covers North and South Carolina. 
PanEnergy, based in Houston, Texas, has a pipeline network that carries about 15% of the natural gas 
consumed in the US, and it also markets gas directly to end-users through a joint venture with Mobil. 
Under the merger agreement, PanEnergy shareholders will receive 1.0444 Duke Power shares for each of their 
own shares, resulting in the issue of about $7.7bn worth of Duke Power stock. The new company, to be based in 
Charlotte, will be called Duke Energy. 
Duke Power's shares were $1 5/8 down at $46 1/4 in early trading. PanEnergy's were $1 3/4 up at $44. 
In a telephone press conference yesterday, Mr William Grigg, Duke Power chairman and chief executive, said 
customer choice would drive the US energy services marketplace in future. "In our dramatically changing industry, 
we need to define ourselves by our customers' needs, not by our traditional product offerings," he said. 
Copyright Financial Times Limited 1996. All Rights Reserved. 
Not Available for Re-dissemination. 
Document ftft000020020323dsbq02fca

Page 5 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
DUKE POWER AND PANENERGY AGREE $8BN STOCK SWAP MERGER. 
DUKE POWER AND PANENERGY AGREE $8BN STOCK SWAP MERGER. 
By Richard Tomkins in New York. 
433 words 
26 November 1996 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
31 
English 
(c) 1996 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
The rapidly consolidating US energy industry was yesterday poised to see its biggest combination yet with the 
announcement that Duke Power and PanEnergy had agreed to merge in a stock swap worth $7.7bn. 
Duke Power is one of the largest US electricity utilities and PanEnergy is one of the largest natural gas 
companies. Together, they will form what they described as "the pre-eminent provider of energy and energy 
services in North America". 
The transaction dwarfs other recent takeovers in the US energy industry, the larger of which have typically valued 
the target company at $2bn to $3bn. It also reflects a growing trend for electricity companies to seek mergers with 
gas companies in order to become "full service" energy suppliers. 
Until recently, most mergers in the US energy industry were between electricity utilities seeking to gain strength in 
the face of a gradual deregulation of the US electricity market. 
However, some electricity companies have become concerned that electricity supply will become a low-margin 
business when deregulation is complete, and are now looking for ways to diversify into a wider range of energy 
products and services. 
Last month Enova, a Californian electricity utility, agreed to merge with Pacific Enterprises, a Californian gas 
company, in a stock swap worth $2.8bn; and in August, Houston Industries, a Texas electricity utility, agreed to 
merge with NorAm Energy, a Texas gas company, in a stock swap worth $2.4bn. 
Duke Power, based in Charlotte, North Carolina, covers North and South Carolina. 
PanEnergy, based in Houston, Texas, has a pipeline network that carries about 15% of the natural gas 
consumed in the US, and it also markets gas directly to end-users through a joint venture with Mobil. 
Under the merger agreement, PanEnergy shareholders will receive 1.0444 Duke Power shares for each of their 
own shares, resulting in the issue of about $7.7bn worth of Duke Power stock. The new company, to be based in 
Charlotte, will be called Duke Energy. 
Duke Power's shares were $1 5/8 down at $46 1/4 in early trading. PanEnergy's were $1 3/4 up at $44. 
In a telephone press conference yesterday, Mr William Grigg, Duke Power chairman and chief executive, said 
customer choice would drive the US energy services marketplace in future. "In our dramatically changing industry, 
we need to define ourselves by our customers' needs, not by our traditional product offerings," he said. 
Copyright Financial Times Limited 1996. All Rights Reserved. 
Not Available for Re-dissemination. 
Document ftft000020011018dsbq009w1

Page 6 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Duke, PanEnergy to merge in $7.7 billion stock deal. 
Duke, PanEnergy to merge in $7.7 billion stock deal. 
By James Pierpoint 
715 words 
25 November 1996 
18:17 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1996 Reuters Limited 
HOUSTON, Nov 25 (Reuter) - Duke Power Co. on Monday unveiled plans to merge with natural gas pipeline 
operator PanEnergy Corp. in a $7.7 billion stock transaction, the latest merger in the rapidly consolidating U.S. 
electric and natural gas industry. 
The deal forms a $23 billion powerhouse in the soon-to-be deregulated domestic electric industry and solidifies 
Duke's standing in the top tier of U.S. electric and natural gas wholesalers, company executives said. 
"We think we have a competitive advantage in power generation," Duke Chairman William Grigg said. "We 
would see this combination as affording us a way to more aggressively expand that power generation business." 
The tax-free stock transaction will combine Duke, one of the largest and lowest-cost electric utilities in the 
country, with Houston-based PanEnergy, North America's third-largest marketer of natural gas. 
Based in Charlotte, N.C., Duke serves 1.8 million customers in the Carolinas, while PanEnergy operates an 
interstate natural gas pipeline network and handles more than 15 percent of the natural gas consumed in the 
United States. 
"The reality is, you are going to have to be big to bring (electric) competition to the retail customer," said Richard 
Priory, Duke Power's president and chief operating officer. Priory was tapped as chairman of the merged 
company, to be renamed Duke Energy Corp. 
In addition to expanding its wholesale energy trading operations, the merger gives Duke direct access to a source 
of fuel for gas-fired electric plants, considered the cheapest and cleanest source of electric power in the years 
ahead. 
"Gas is clearly the fuel of choice for a new generation going forward, and it makes sense that if gas is the fuel of 
choice -- which means it will control the price of electricity -- it makes sense for Duke to have control over supply," 
Grigg said. 
With electric competition barely two years away, PanEnergy had been at the top of analysts' short list of natural 
gas companies ripe for takeover by an electric utility. But the deal is far from the final chapter in the ongoing 
consolidation of the $144 billion-a-year electric and gas industries. 
"I think they are all going to go, eventually," Salomon Brothers analyst Donald Dufresne said of mergers expected 
among the largest domestic gas companies. He placed Williams Cos. Inc. at the top of his list of remaining 
merger targets. 
Under the definitive merger agreement, Duke offered 1.0444 shares of its stock for each share of PanEnergy in a 
tax-free polling of interests. PanEnergy stockholders will own about 44 percent of the common stock of the new 
company. 
Based on Duke's closing price of $47.875 on Friday, PanEnergy stockholders would receive about $50 a share 
for each PanEnergy share they hold. PanEnergy's stock, which closed Friday at $42.25 a share on the New 
York Stock Exchange, gained $1.50 to end at $43.75 Monday. 
Duke lost $1.75 to $46.125, also on the NYSE.

Page 7 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Paul Anderson, president and CEO of PanEnergy, will become president and chief operating officer of the new 
company. Grigg will retire as Duke's chairman and chief executive and Dennis Hendrix will step down as 
PanEnergy chairman to join Duke Energy's board, which will have 11 members from Duke Power and seven 
from PanEnergy. 
Duke said it anticipates that the transaction will add to earnings at the end of the second year after its completion. 
Duke, which currently pays an annual dividend of $2.12 per share, said PanEnergy shareholders will receive an 
increase of $1.25 in dividends per share, based on the implied exchange ratio, from PanEnergy's current 
dividend of 96 cents a share. 
Limited state and federal regulatory approvals are needed to close the deal, and executives said the merger could 
be consummated in less than 12 months. The merger also must be approved by the stockholders of both 
companies. 
After completion of the merger, PanEnergy will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of Duke Energy. 
Under the merger agreement, there are no changes required with respect to either company's public debt issues 
or the outstanding preferred stock of Duke Power. 
(c) Reuters Limited 1996 
Document lba0000020011019dsbp0355x 
Search Summary 
Text William Grigg AND Panenergy 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/1997 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Duke Energy Corp. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

