Page 1 of 8 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Cisco To Buy Spectrum Management Specialist Cognio................................................................................................2 
Company Finance Alert - Broadband Trends Boost Cisco Results.................................................................................3 
Cisco Might Not Suit WebEx ...........................................................................................................................................4 
Cisco Systems to buy WebEx for $3.2 billion..................................................................................................................6 
JOHN SHINAL'S TECH INVESTOR: Cisco Ponies Up For Growth With WebEx Acquisition.........................................7

Page 2 of 8 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Cisco To Buy Spectrum Management Specialist Cognio 
Cisco To Buy Spectrum Management Specialist Cognio 
442 words 
18 September 2007 
CMP TechWeb 
CMPT 
English 
© 2007 CMP Media LLC. All rights reserved. 
Cisco Systems on Tuesday agreed to acquire Cognio, a top provider of spectrum analysis and management tools 
for wireless networks. 
Cognio provides spectrum technology that improves performance, reliability, and security of wireless networks. Its 
Spectrum Expert tool analyzes, diagnoses, and locates devices within a company's wireless environment. It then 
isolates problems in the spectrum from problems in the network and helps ease management of the network. 
Cognio, which has a customer base of more than 1,000, sells its spectrum analysis products directly and in 
partnership with other wireless networking providers such as AirMagnet, Fluke Networks, and WildPackets. 
The company is privately held and supported by investments from North Bridge Venture Partners, ABS Ventures, 
and Avansis Ventures. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. 
With the acquisition, Cisco will gain complementary and differentiating technology, intellectual property, and a 
team of Cognio experts to expand its own unified wireless networking offerings, the company said. 
"As mobility applications and wireless networks become more pervasive, our customers want to treat their [radio 
frequency] environments like true assets. With the Cognio acquisition, Cisco is able to deliver its customers 
powerful tools that greatly enhance the management of this valuable asset. When this acquisition closes, Cisco 
will offer the Cognio Spectrum Expert tools that give customers great visibility into their wireless environments," 
said Ben Gibson, director of Cisco's Mobility Solutions. 
An example is a retailer that may have old frequency-hopping gear in its facility. With Cisco's new product 
offering, the retailer can identify the old gear as a source of interference and address it to ensure maximum 
wireless local area network performance, Gibson said. 
Wireless networking is part of Cisco's "advanced technology" lineup, which also includes application networking 
services, home networking, security, storage networking, and unified communications. 
The acquisition is expected to close in the first quarter of Cisco's 2008 fiscal year. Cognio will be integrated into 
Cisco's Wireless Networking Business Unit, under the Ethernet and Wireless Technology Group. 
Cisco is well-known for making acquisitions to move into new markets or expand its leadership in existing ones. 
Cognio will be Cisco's 122nd acquisition. In May, Cisco purchased Web conferencing company WebEx 
Communications for $3.2 billion. The deal was among Cisco's five largest acquisitions ever and is expected to 
help Cisco compete with Microsoft in unified communications and collaboration. 
Cisco's CEO John Chambers said at the company's Networkers user conference earlier this year that Cisco is 
confident its expertise in networking and its ability to catch market transitions through acquisitions is the ticket to 
being a leading vendor. 
Document CMPT000020070919e39i0000f

Page 3 of 8 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Company Finance Alert - Broadband Trends Boost Cisco Results 
Company Finance Alert - Broadband Trends Boost Cisco Results 
484 words 
9 May 2007 
Business Monitor International 
EMDN 
English 
© Copyright 2007 Business Monitor International. 
Cisco Systems has attributed its record revenues of US$8.9bn for March 2007 as a testament to its 'ability to 
foresee market transitions' enabling the operator to 'deliver the right products' to the market. Cisco's recent 
earnings statement addresses the rising demand among telecom operators for internet networks, as they seek to 
fulfil consumer demand. For the first time ever, Cisco announced that consumer-led growth had surpassed 
corporate user demand for internet services. In believes the global internet market is witnessing a greater 
demand from consumers for next-generation services on the back of the popularity in blogging and wikis, online 
information sources contributed to by individuals, the most famous being Wikipedia. Cisco's chief executive John 
Chambers believes that this trend 'will drive the industry in the next decade.' 
NEXT GENERATION TECNOLOGIES LEAD THE WAY Cisco Systems Product Revenue 
Composition (%) 
Q307 US$bn Y-o-Y Increase (%) 
Routers 1.8 16 
Switchers 3.1 15 
Advanced Technologies 2.1* 36 
Others 0.5 33 
Service Revenues 1.4 19 
Total Revenues 8.9 21 
Source: Operator Results; *includes US$589mn from 
Scientific-Atlanta 
The trend Cisco is witnessing is in line with developments in its home market, with the US accounting for the bulk 
of its business in terms of geography. As of March 2007, North America accounted for over 50% of product 
orders. There are no less than nine broadband service providers in the US, a good indication of competition in the 
market, which BMI estimates grew by 26% in 2006, forecast to rise by a further 22% this year. Competition has 
been heightened further due to continuing battles between cable operators and the traditional telcos in the 
broadband market leading to the rollout of WVAS services as they seek to offer triple and quad-play in the market 
at competitive prices. 
Cisco, which has been building outside of its traditional switcher and router business should benefit considerably 
from the rising competition among cable and telecoms operators in the US broadband market. Indeed, Cisco 
anticipates that the battle in the broadband market should be advantageous following it purchase of set-top box 
maker Scientific-Atlanta last year at a cost of US$6.9bn. Following this, the company has plans to purchase 
WebEX Communications, an online videoconferencing company at a cost of US$3.2bn, which should become an 
additional revenue growth driver. 
While these acquisitions should yield stronger growth in future, analysts are projecting that June 2007 could see a 
slowdown in revenue growth, compared to the earlier three quarters which rose in the high 20s on a sequential 
basis. This, they have attributed to the first time inclusion of Scientific-Atlanta in Cisco's first full-year results. 
Meanwhile, further potential negative impacts could result from a slower US economy, which has affected some 
stock prices. 
Americas Telecommunications Insight 
Document EMDN000020070510e3590000g

Page 4 of 8 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Cisco Might Not Suit WebEx 
Plugged In 
Cisco Might Not Suit WebEx 
By Mark Veverka 
613 words 
19 March 2007 
Barron's 
B
English 
(c) 2007 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
Did the right company buy WebEx communications? 
Cowan software analyst Peter Goldmacher thinks not. The WebEx bull has long believed the Santa Clara, Calif. 
software company is under-appreciated, but he's not confident that Cisco Systems is the right fit to realize what 
he sees as its potential -- becoming an on-demand dynamo for big enterprise-software users. 
The ever-acquisitive Cisco (ticker: CSCO) last week announced it agreed to buy WebEx (WEBX), a maker of 
Web communications and corporate-collaboration software, for $3.2 billion, or $57 a share -- including the 
company's roughly $300 million in existing cash. That's a 23% premium to WebEx's pre-deal close of 46.20. 
Shares were trading Friday at 56.61. If approved by both boards, the all-cash deal will close before August, 
according to Cisco. 
"I'm wearing my black arm band," said Goldmacher in mock protest. 
That's not to say Goldmacher's clients aren't smiling. If they bought when he started extolling the virtues of 
WebEx in early January of last year, with the shares at 21.50, the purchase price represents a near-three-bagger. 
And if Barron's readers acted on his advice following our positive feature story last year ("Why WebEx Will 
Shine,"June 12, 2006), they would have about doubled their investment. 
Handsome proceeds aside, did management do the right thing? It boils down to whether you think WebEx is a 
"communications" company or a "data" company, Goldmacher asserts. If you prefer it as a communications play, 
Cisco is a good fit; if you believe that it's an on-demand data supplier, then a large enterprise-software suitor 
would make a better partner, he argues. Goldmacher contends that 28 times 2007 free cash flow is a 
"reasonable" price, but doesn't rule out counter-bids from IBM (IBM), SAP (SAP) or Oracle (ORCL). 
"In my mind, it would be much better served being acquired by someone like Oracle," whose salesforce is better 
suited to sell the subscription service to its existing customers, Goldmacher says. 
WebEx is best known as a provider of rich-video-conferencing services over the Internet, but its Web-based 
collaborative software applications that allow workers to share information simultaneously from different corporate 
silos could be an enterprise jewel. Cisco says it bought WebEx as a way for the networking giant to reach more 
small-business customers. But WebEx Chief Executive Subrah Iyar insists that Cisco understands the 
on-demand potential, too. 
"We are not selling (our potential) short," Iyar told Barron's. "They get it." 
Cisco Chief Development Officer Charles Giancarlo (who intriguingly announced the deal without CEO John 
Chambers present) says that WebEx's expected $450 million-plus in sales this year won't boost Cisco earnings 
for its fiscal year ending June 29. Most analysts don't expect the deal to have much effect on Cisco (CSCO) 
shares in the near-term, but they see WebEx contributing to the company's efforts to add products and services 
at the edges of networks. Cisco shares were flat on the day of the deal, and were quoted Friday at 25.82. 
Did Oracle or SAP already make a pass? Iyar acknowledged that "software companies" showed interest, but he 
says Cisco came on strong and "moved fast." In fact, Cisco officials told Iyar that they were going to enter 
Web-based collaboration either way. "In reality, they will do it with you or without you," Iyar mused. 
---

Page 5 of 8 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
For Barron's subscription information call 1-888-BARRONS ext. 685 or inquire online at 
http://www.barronsmag.com/subscription/subscription.html . 
Document B000000020070317e33j0000n

Page 6 of 8 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Cisco Systems to buy WebEx for $3.2 billion 
Business 
Cisco Systems to buy WebEx for $3.2 billion 
Ron Day and Ari Levy 
Bloomberg News 
504 words 
16 March 2007 
Ottawa Citizen 
OTCT 
English 
Copyright © 2007 Ottawa Citizen 
SAN FRANCISCO 
SAN FRANCISCO - Cisco Systems Inc. agreed to buy WebEx Communications Inc., the largest provider of 
Internet teleconferencing services, for $3.2 billion to counter Microsoft Corp.'s expansion in the market. 
WebEx investors will receive $57 a share in cash, the companies said in a statement yesterday. The offer is 
23-per-cent higher than the Santa Clara, California-based company's closing share price of $46.20 on 
Wednesday. 
Cisco, the world's biggest maker of computer-networking equipment, will offer a combined service that includes 
WebEx with its products for online phone calls and messages. The company and Microsoft are battling for 
corporate customers who want to simulate face-to-face meetings, a business that may more than double by 2011, 
according to researcher Frost & Sullivan Inc. 
"It's a very attractive market, a growth market," said Ari Bensinger, an equity analyst at Standard & Poor's in New 
York. "We like the video conferencing aspects of this deal. Cisco provides the corresponding pieces for this." 
Cisco said the purchase won't affect earnings excluding some items in fiscal 2008. 
The companies said they expect the deal to close in the fourth quarter of Cisco's 2007 fiscal year. 
The purchase, Cisco's largest since the acquisition of Scientific-Atlanta Inc. last year, gives chief executive officer 
John Chambers increased access to a market that is growing faster than its traditional business for switches and 
routers. WebEx's services for holding conferences on the Internet and sharing web-based documents focus 
mainly on small and medium-sized companies. 
"We have a lot of strength in voice and video, which we think can help to improve their user experience," Cisco 
chief development officer Charlie Giancarlo said in an interview yesterday. 
Cisco jumped into the video-conferencing market last year with the release of TelePresence, a web-based system 
that transmits life-sized images to remote conference rooms. Mr. Giancarlo said in December it may be the 
quickest Cisco product to reach $1 billion in annual sales. 
Demand for conferencing services is rising as companies look to slash spending on hotels and plane tickets. By 
using TelePresence, Cisco expects to cut its own travel-related expenses by 20 per cent, Mr. Chambers said last 
year. WebEx customer Automatic Data Processing Inc. said the web-based program allowed the company to 
save 20 per cent on training costs. 
Frost & Sullivan predicts the global web-conferencing market will reach $2.1 billion in annual sales by 2011, 
compared with $753.8 million last year. 
The purchase of WebEx is the second deal for Cisco this week. The company on March 13 agreed to buy 
NeoPath Networks to gain the closely held company's storage technology. 
Photo: Steve Marcus, Reuters / Cisco Systems, which is guided by chairman and CEO John Chambers, above, 
has agreed to purchase online Internet-conferencing company WebEx Communications for $3.2 billion. 
Document OTCT000020070316e33g0003z

Page 7 of 8 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
JOHN SHINAL'S TECH INVESTOR: Cisco Ponies Up For Growth With WebEx Acquisition 
JOHN SHINAL'S TECH INVESTOR: Cisco Ponies Up For Growth With WebEx Acquisition 
772 words 
15 March 2007 
15:07 
Dow Jones Business News 
DJON 
English 
(c) 2007 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
By John Shinal 
SAN FRANCISCO (Dow Jones) - You've got to hand it to Cisco Systems Inc. Chief Executive John Chambers 
and the company's board of directors for their sense of timing. 
Just as Cisco was about to lose the benefit of favorable year-over-year sales growth comparisons provided by its 
2006 acquisition of Scientific-Atlanta, Chambers pulled the trigger on another huge deal to help shore up growth. 
The acquisition of WebEx, a provider of Internet-based teleconferencing services, may help allay investor 
concerns that have pushed Cisco shares down 11% since January. 
Whether WebEx (WEBX) is a good long-term investment at $3.2 billion in cash remains to be seen. 
What is clear is from the price of the deal is that Chambers is willing to pay more for growth than he was a year 
ago. 
Price-to-sales is the metric that bankers and venture capitalists use to estimate the potential value of an 
acquisition target. They use that ratio, rather than price-to-earnings, because they know that while young, 
fast-growing companies can use all sorts of accounting gymnastics to tweak their net income number, top-line 
growth is more transparent. 
Even if you subtract WebEx's cash from the purchase price, Cisco is paying more than seven times WebEx's 
$380 million in 2006 sales for the company. Using the average Wall Street analyst estimate of $458 million for 
WebEx's 2007 sales, Cisco is still paying more than six times expected annual sales. 
Compare that to what Cisco (CSCO) paid for Scientific-Atlanta, whose sales have helped push Cisco's overall 
sales growth forecast to a range of 15% to 20%, compared to the previous range between 10% and 15%. 
When Cisco announced that transaction in November, 2005, Wall Street analysts expected Scientific-Atlanta to 
post 2006 sales of $2.1 billion. If you subtract the Atlanta firm's cash holdings at the time from the cash purchase 
price ($6.9 billion minus $1.6 billion), Cisco paid $5.3 billion, or less than three times Scientific-Atlanta's annual 
sales. 
To be sure, WebEx is nicely profitable, with analysts expecting earnings of $1.68 a share this year. 
But given WebEx's puny size compared to Cisco, which is expected to post sales of more than $34 billion for the 
fiscal year ending in July, those earnings aren't even enough to move Cisco's net income needle. 
Indeed, Cisco said the deal will be neutral to earnings in its next fiscal year once one-time charges related to the 
deal are subtracted. 
What Chambers bought with WebEx, whose sales are expected to rise 20% this year, is some top-line growth. 
That he pulled the trigger even though the stock had gained more than 40% during the last 12 months -- and was 
trading not far from a 52-week high - shows how much he's willing to pay for it. 
The worries that have pushed Cisco shares down from multi-year highs stem from the fact that Cisco's largest 
business -- selling networking gear to corporate customers -- has been and will continue to produce sales growth 
in the low double digits at best.

Page 8 of 8 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Given the monster 27% sales growth Cisco posted last month for its most-recent quarter, Scientific-Atlanta is no 
doubt providing the combined company with more growth than Cisco expected when it unveiled the deal. 
For the current quarter, Cisco - which to its credit has continued to report stand-alone numbers even after the 
deal closed -- forecast revenue growth in the range of 15% to 17% excluding Scientific-Atlanta sales and 19% to 
20% including its results. 
But once Cisco starts reporting year-ago numbers that include Scientific-Atlanta sales, its growth is expected to 
slow. In fact, analysts expected Cisco to report sales growth of less than 14% for the fiscal year ending in July, 
2008. 
But that was before Cisco decided to buy WebEx, which should push that number higher. 
There was a time when Cisco would have used its high-flying stock to finance the deal, but those days are gone. 
Given its ability to generate around $2 billion in cash every quarter, it now uses that method to fund its 
acquisitions. As stated above, it will take a while to find out what kind of return Cisco shareholders get for that 
investment. 
For now, though, investors who bought the stock expecting top-line growth of at least 15% can rest easier for at 
least another year. [ 03-15-07 1507ET ] 
Document DJON000020070315e33f0000n 
Search Summary 
Text John Chambers AND Webex 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2008 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Cisco Systems, Inc. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

