Page 1 of 10 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Motorola-2:Prior Semiconductor Industry Growth View 9-11% .......................................................................................2 
COMPANIES &FINANCE - THE AMERICAS - Motorola acquires General Instrument..................................................3 
Motorola, Gen'l Instrument merger talks fast...................................................................................................................5 
FOCUS-Motorola to buy Gen'l Instrument for $11 bln.....................................................................................................7 
FOCUS-Motorola buying General Instrument. ................................................................................................................9

Page 2 of 10 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Motorola-2:Prior Semiconductor Industry Growth View 9-11% 
Motorola-2:Prior Semiconductor Industry Growth View 9-11% 
By Shawn Young 
408 words 
13 October 1999 
09:38 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(Copyright (c) 1999, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Motorola Inc. (MOT) expects fourth-quarter revenue of $8.5 billion and operating 
earnings of 80 cents a diluted share, Chief Executive Christopher Galvin said Wednesday. 
The earnings estimate matches the First Call/Thomson Financial consensus estimate. The company also said it is 
comfortable with estimates that it will earn $3 a share in 2000. 
Growth in the business should offset the 5% earnings dilution Motorola forecasts in 2000 as a result of its planned 
$11 billion merger with General Instrument Corp. (GIC), company officials said. 
In a conference call about the third-quarter financial results it released late Tuesday, the company said it sees 
continuing improvements in margins, which are still below industry benchmarks in some areas. Motorola has 
been restructuring for a year and a half. 
The company said it is increasing its estimate for growth in the semiconductor industry to between 12% and 15% 
in 1999 from an earlier estimate of 9% to 11%. It remains comfortable with industry-watchers' projections of 15% 
to 19% growth in 2000. The company's semiconductor industry forecast is closely watched. 
The company said its own semiconductor sales growth in 2000 is likely to outpace the industry rate. 
The Schaumburg, Ill., telecommunications equipment maker is the major backer of Iridium World 
Communications Ltd. (IRIQE), a $5 billion satellite phone venture that filed for bankruptcy protection in August. 
Motorola took a third-quarter charge of $994 million related to Iridium and might have to take another charge in 
the fourth quarter, it said. Any charge could be partly offset by one-time gains, including possible sales of 
securities, the company said. 
Motorola said it has $2.3 billion in remaining commitments to Iridium and has set aside reserves of $1.8 billion. 
As reported, Motorola earned $91 million, or 14 cents a share in the third quarter, compared with $27 million, or 4 
cents, in the year-ago quarter. 
Excluding one-time items that affected results in both periods, Motorola earned $332 million, or 53 cents, 
compared with $40 million, or 7 cents a year ago. The results matched Wall Street forecasts. 
Revenue rose 7% to $7.7 billion from $7.2 billion a year ago, slightly 
below several analysts' expectations. 
- Shawn Young, Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-5248 
shawn.young@dowjones.com 
(END) DOW JONES NEWS 10-13-99 
09:38 AM 
Document dj00000020010827dvad06scc

Page 3 of 10 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
COMPANIES &FINANCE - THE AMERICAS - Motorola acquires General Instrument. 
COMPANIES &FINANCE - THE AMERICAS - Motorola acquires General Instrument. 
By Louise Kehoe in San Francisco. 
459 words 
16 September 1999 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
28 
English 
(c) 1999 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
TELECOMMUNICATIONS US COMPANY CLAIMS $11BN DEAL WILL MAKE IT A - WORLD LEADER IN 
CONVERGENCE TECHNOLOGIES 
Motorola yesterday announ-ced its widely anticipated acquisition of General Instrument, in a stock deal valued 
at $11bn that it said would create a new world leader in "convergence technologies". 
The combined companies would be "in pole position" in the race to bring high-speed integrated data, video and 
voice services to the home, said Edward Breen, chairman and chief executive of GI, who will lead a newly formed 
Motorola business unit comprising GI's operations combined with Motorola's existing cable TV products. 
Motorola is a leading supplier of high-speed cable data and telephony systems. 
GI is in the forefront of technologies that combine interactive digital TV, internet and voice services over 
high-speed net-works. 
Under the terms of the deal each GI share is to be exchanged for 0.575 shares of Motorola. This represented an 
approximate value of $11bn based on Tuesday's closing price. 
When completed, the stock swap would give GI shareholders a 17 per cent stake in Motorola, the companies 
said. 
The deal had been approved by the boards of both companies as well as by Liberty Media, a unit of AT&T that 
holds a 20 per cent stake in GI, the companies said. 
Yesterday, GI shares were up $2 1/2 in mid-session, at $48. Motorola stock fell $5 1/2 to $87 11/16. 
Motorola said it expected the acquisition to modestly dilute earnings per share through 2000, but to strengthen 
earnings per share thereafter. 
Christopher Galvin, chairman and chief executive of Motorola, said no other company would have as broad a 
range of interactive and broadband technologies following the combination with GI. 
"In addition to providing mobile and personal communications, we will now be able to bring innovative solutions to 
the home. 
"We are combining Motorola's leadership in integrated communications and embedded semiconductor solutions, 
as well as its global consumer brand, with General Instrument's leadership in broadband networks and the talent 
and experience of its management team," he said. 
"This partnership will enable us to expand our portfolio for network access, delivering next-generation solutions 
along with 'home hubs' that will handle high-speed internet access and video entertainment, as well as 
carrier-quality voice services," he said. 
The integrated broadband network market was growing rapidly in the US, said Mr Galvin. However, "opportunities 
outside North America are six to seven times greater." 
General Instrument was advised by Merrill Lynch and CIBC Oppenheimer, and Motorola was advised by 
Goldman Sachs.

Page 4 of 10 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Copyright Financial Times Limited 1999. All Rights Reserved. 
Not Available for Re-dissemination. 
Document ftft000020010905dv9g00r3j

Page 5 of 10 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Motorola, Gen'l Instrument merger talks fast. 
Motorola, Gen'l Instrument merger talks fast. 
By Ian Simpson 
521 words 
15 September 1999 
16:06 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1999 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, Sept 15 (Reuters) - Telecommunications equipment powerhouse Motorola Inc. and leading cable 
TV set-top maker General Instrument Corp. negotiated their $11 billion merger in just a few weeks, the 
companies' top executives said Wednesday. 
Cable TV and long-distance phone company AT&T Corp. , General Instrument's top customer and a leading 
shareholder, encouraged the merger and was a participant in the merger talks themselves, they told Reuters. 
This is the second major deal this year that AT&t has played a role in bringing to term. Earlier, they were a 
principal force in cable Internet-service provider AtHome's acquisition of Excite, an Internet search engine. 
Motorola Chairman and Chief Executive Christopher Galvin said talks started only last month. They went quickly 
because both companies want to stake out turf in the emerging market for broadband technology - upgraded 
cable TV lines that can handle such services as voice, data, video and Internet access. 
"It turns out that, mutually, we saw the world the same," he said. 
General Instrument Chairman and Chief Executive Edward Breen said Motorola initiated the discussions. He 
and Galvin said there were no serious obstacles during the talks. 
"When you have a common vision of where things are going ... when you get together it makes for a pretty quick 
conversation," Breen said. 
Leo Hindery Jr., chief executive and president of AT&T's Broadband and Internet Services unit, told Reuters the 
merger among equipment makers was "inevitable" as the cable television industry consolidated. 
Hindery, who fielded questions at a news conference with the Motorola and General Instrument executives, said 
he had encouraged the corporate marriage. 
"You have to ask yourself, is Motorola owning GI better for the cable industry than not? The answer is clearly, it 
is," he said. 
Hindery was involved in the talks since AT&T is General Instrument's biggest customer. AT&T's media 
programming arm, Liberty Media Group , is also the biggest single shareholder, with about 20 percent of stock. 
Liberty Media Chairman John Malone took part in the negotiations too, the executives said. 
Liberty Media would hold 3 to 4 percent of Motorola stock after the deal's completion, Motorola's Galvin said. 
The deal is expected to be completed in the first quarter of next year. 
Motorola, based in Schaumburg, Ill., is extending its reach in the cable TV industry by uniting one of the world's 
best-known telecommunications and semiconductor equipment companies with one of the top U.S. providers of 
cable TV conversion boxes. 
As part of the $11 billion deal, each General Instrument share would be exchanged for 0.575 share of Motorola. 
Based on Motorola's closing stock price Tuesday of $93.3125, the deal values General Instrument at about 
$53.65 per share, a small premium over the $50.50 at which it it finished Tuesday. 
Motorola shares were off $6.81 at $86.50 in late trade. General Instrument stock fell $3.50 to 47.

Page 6 of 10 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
((-New York technology desk, (212) 859-1879)). 
(C) Reuters Limited 1999. 
Document lba0000020010907dv9f00l60

Page 7 of 10 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
FOCUS-Motorola to buy Gen'l Instrument for $11 bln. 
FOCUS-Motorola to buy Gen'l Instrument for $11 bln. 
By Ian Simpson 
651 words 
15 September 1999 
13:16 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1999 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, Sept 15 (Reuters) - Telecommunications equipment powerhouse Motorola Inc. expanded its reach 
in the cable TV industry Wednesday, saying it would buy leading set-top box maker General Instrument Corp. in 
a stock deal valued at about $11 billion. 
The deal, expected for several days, would unite one of the world's best-known telecommunications and 
semiconductor equipment companies with one of the nation's top providers of cable television conversion boxes. 
Analysts said the combination would speed Internet access, and could increase demand for electronic commerce. 
With Internet connections over set-top boxes, consumers may soon be able to watch commercials, click on the 
advertised products, and buy them instantly, the analysts said. 
News of the deal sent Motorola's stock tumbling as investors worried that the stock transaction would hurt 
earnings in the near term. The stock was down 6 percent, or 5-9/16, at 87-3/4 in morning New York Stock 
Exchange trading. General Instrument's shares were off 2-5/8 at 47-15/16. 
Motorola said the deal would "modestly" hurt earnings through 2000, but would strengthen profits after that. 
"They (Motorola) are always under a big magnifying glass," said Bob Egan, research director for mobile and 
wireless at the Gartner Group. "Any time they spend any money at all, there is always this emotional reaction." 
The merger would be the latest high-profile deal to shake up the cable TV industry as telecommunications, media 
and high-technology companies jockey for a foothold in the emerging market for broadband technology - 
upgraded cable TV lines that can handle such services as interactive voice, data, video and Internet access. 
"The merger of General Instrument with Motorola integrates the key technologies need to bring the enormous 
potential of converged video, voice and data networking into the home," Motorola Chairman and Chief Executive 
Christopher Galvin said in a statement. 
Motorola, based in Schaumburg, Ill., said each General Instrument share would be exchanged for 0.575 share 
of Motorola in a tax-free pooling of interests. Based on Motorola's closing stock price on Tuesday of $93.3125, the 
deal values General Instrument at about $53.65 per share, a small premium over the $50.50 it finished at on 
Tuesday. 
The deal, which is subject to regulatory and shareholder approval, was expected to close in about 120 days. 
General Instrument's set-top boxes provide access to high-speed digital service from cable operators. The 
company holds 90 percent of the world market in digital cable boxes, which unscramble cable signals, and 60 
percent of the older analogue models. 
Motorola, a pioneer in such areas as cellular phones and a leading supplier of computer chips, is the largest 
producer of cable modems, which link cable boxes to the Internet. 
"It gives them (Motorola) a stronger position in the broadband marketplace, and gives the combined entity a better 
chance to play" in the emerging market for "smart" home appliances with embedded intelligence, Brown Brothers 
Harriman analyst Bob Wilkes said. 
Gartner Group's Egan said the deal could change the definition of home shopping as consumers use televisions 
to buy products online.

Page 8 of 10 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"We're talking about making the Internet a lot more accessible and a lot more convenient for general consumers," 
he said. "Consumers in the U.S. already spend a whole lot of time in front of their TVs." 
Motorola said Edward Breen, chairman and chief executive of General Instrument, would lead a new Motorola 
business unit focused on integrated and interactive broadband access. 
Liberty Media Group, the media programming arm of AT&T Corp., owns 21 percent of General Instrument and is 
the largest shareholder. Liberty Media has agreed to back the merger, the statement said. 
((-Chicago Equities News at 312 408 8787, Vchicago.equities.newsroom@reuters.com)). 
(C) Reuters Limited 1999. 
Document lba0000020010907dv9f00jsa

Page 9 of 10 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
FOCUS-Motorola buying General Instrument. 
FOCUS-Motorola buying General Instrument. 
By Ian Simpson 
462 words 
15 September 1999 
09:24 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1999 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, Sept 15 (Reuters) - Telecommunications equipment powerhouse Motorola Inc. expanded its reach 
in the cable TV industry Wednesday, saying it would buy leading set-top box maker General Instrument Corp. in 
a stock deal valued at about $11 billion. 
The deal, expected for several days, would unite one of the world's best-known telecommunications and 
semiconductor equipment companies with one of the nation's top providers of cable television conversion boxes. 
The merger would be the latest high-profile deal to shake up the cable TV industry as telecommunications, media 
and high-technology companies jockey for a foothold in the emerging market for broadband technology - 
upgraded cable TV lines that can handle such services as interactive voice, data, video and Internet access. 
"The merger of General Instrument with Motorola integrates the key technologies need to bring the enormous 
potential of converged video, voice and data networking into the home," Motorola Chairman and Chief Executive 
Christopher Galvin said in a statement. 
Motorola, based in Schaumberg, Ill., said each General Instrument share would be exchanged for 0.575 share 
of Motorola. Based on Motorola's closing stock price on Tuesday of $93.3125, the deal values General 
Instrument at about $53.65 per share, a small premium over the $50.50 it finished at on Tuesday. 
In pre-open trading on the Instinet electronic broker system, Motorola slipped to $93. Horsham, Penn.-based 
General Instrument rose to $51.25. 
General Instrument's set-top boxes provide access to high-speed digital service from cable operators. The 
company holds 90 percent of the world market in digital cable boxes, which unscramble cable signals, and 60 
percent of the older analogue models. 
Motorola, a pioneer in such areas as cellular telephones and a leading supplier of computer chips, is the largest 
producer of cable modems, devices that link cable boxes to the Internet. 
"It gives them (Motorola) a stronger position in the broadband marketplace, and gives the combined entity a better 
chance to play" in the emerging market for "smart" home appliances with embedded inteligence, Brown Brothers 
Harriman analyst Bob Wilkes said. 
Motorola said Edward Breen, chairman and chief executive of General Instrument, would lead a new Motorola 
business unit focused on integrated and interactive broadband access. 
Motorola said the tax-free transaction would be accounted for as a pooling-of-interests merger. Motorola saw the 
merger "modestly" trimming earnings per share through 2000 but strengthening earnings per share after that. 
Liberty Media Group, the media programming arm of AT&T Corp., owns 21 percent of General Instrument and is 
the largest shareholder. 
Liberty Media has agreed to back the merger, the statement said. 
((-New York technology desk, (212) 859-1860)). 
(C) Reuters Limited 1999.

Page 10 of 10 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Document lba0000020010907dv9f00j0i 
Search Summary 
Text Christopher Galvin AND general instrument 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2000 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Motorola Solutions, Inc. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

