Page 1 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Marathon completes $6.9 billion acquisition of Western Oil Sands.................................................................................2 
Marathon to set foot in the sands ....................................................................................................................................3 
Western Oil Sands directors approve $6.6-billion Marathon deal ...................................................................................4 
Marathon moves into oil sands........................................................................................................................................5 
Marathon taps into a 'world-class asset'..........................................................................................................................7 
UPDATE 3-Marathon to buy Western Oil Sands for $5.56 bln........................................................................................8 
Marathon: Evaluating Refinery Projects To Run Canadian Crude ................................................................................10

Page 2 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Marathon completes $6.9 billion acquisition of Western Oil Sands 
Marathon completes $6.9 billion acquisition of Western Oil Sands 
96 words 
18 October 2007 
11:49 
Platts Commodity News 
PLATT 
English 
Copyright 2007. Platts. All Rights Reserved. 
Marathon Oil has completed its $6.9 billion acquisition of Canada's Western Oil Sands, Marathon said Thursday. 
The deal, announced in July, won approval from Western's shareholders and Canadian regulators earlier this 
week. 
"Marathon's acquisition of Western will enable us to realize our fully-integrated strategy to link oil sands 
production with heavy oil upgrade projects at our refineries...," Marathon CEO Clarence Cazalot said in a 
statement. 
Western Oil Sands has a 20% interest in the Athabasca Oil Sands Project in Alberta. 
CForm 
Document PLATT00020071019e3ai00050

Page 3 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Marathon to set foot in the sands 
financial 
Marathon to set foot in the sands 
DANN ROGERS 
414 words 
3 August 2007 
Upstream 
UPSTRM 
English 
(c) 2007, Upstream. To read more Upstream stories you can get a FREE two-week trial of LIVE news, Upstream 
Hardcopy and Upstream archive news at . Do note that all Upstream articles are protected by copyright. Any 
unauthorised reproduction is strictly prohibited. 
US oil company agrees takeover of Western in $6.2 billion deal 
Western Oil Sands has agreed to be taken over by Marathon Oil in a C$6.6 billion (US$6.2 billion) deal that gives 
the US oil company its first stake in the oil sands in northern Alberta and marks its return to Canada after 
divesting its assets three years ago. 
Western Oil Sands shareholders are to receive C$35.50 in cash or 0.5932 of a Marathon share for each of their 
shares, and will also get stock in a spin-off company holding Western's assets in Kurdistan in northern Iraq. 
The spin-off of Western's subsidiary, WesternZagros, must take place prior to closing, Marathon said. 
Shares of Western closed at $34.13 in Toronto the evening before the transaction was announced, giving the 
company a market value of $5.5 billion. The transaction includes C$736.1 million of assumed debt. 
"The Athabasca Oil Sands Project is truly a world-class asset with multi-billion barrel, long-life resource potential," 
Marathon chief executive Clarence Cazalot said. 
"Marathon's strategically advantaged US Midwest downstream business is well positioned to provide both near 
and long-term solutions to maximise the value of these substantial bitumen resources. 
"We are joining an ongoing and expanding project with strong partners, and collectively, we will be able to apply 
our technical and commercial skills to maximise both the recovery and value of these resources," Cazalot said. 
Western's primary asset is a 20% undivided interest in the Athabasca Oil Sands Project, which is 60%-owned and 
operated by Shell. Chevron holds the remaining 20%. 
Western anticipates its share of output from the project to average about 31,000 to 34,000 bpd in 2007. 
Western is also pursuing initiatives related to in-situ oil sands projects, along with technology development and 
downstream opportunities, the Calgary-based company said. 
WesternZagros is involved in conventional oil and gas exploration opportunities in the Federal Region of 
Kurdistan. 
Western chief executive Jim Houck said the deal "accomplishes our key objective of capturing an integrated 
upstream and downstream opportunity and maximizing value for our shareholders". 
•• Marathon reported second-quarter net income of US$1.6 billion, down slightly from $1.7 billion in the same 
period in 2006. 
Document UPSTRM0020070802e3830002d

Page 4 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Western Oil Sands directors approve $6.6-billion Marathon deal 
Businessbc 
Western Oil Sands directors approve $6.6-billion Marathon deal 
CanWest News Service 
297 words 
1 August 2007 
Vancouver Sun 
VNCS 
English 
Copyright © 2007 Vancouver Sun 
CALGARY 
CALGARY -- Calgary-based Western Oil Sands Inc. announced on Tuesday that its board of directors has 
approved a plan under which Marathon Oil Corp., the fifth-largest refiner in the U.S., will acquire all its outstanding 
shares for $6.6 billion. 
The offer, a mix of cash and stock options, includes a $736.1-million debt accrued by Western. 
Under the deal, shareholders of the Calgary-based junior will receive $3.8 billion in cash -- $35.20 per share -- 
and 34.3 million shares of Marathon's common stock and securities valued at $2.0 billion. In addition, each 
shareholder will also receive one share and one-tenth of a warrant to purchase shares of WesternZagros Ltd. 
WesternZagros is 100-per-cent owned by Western Oil Sands and has exploration rights to an oil concession in 
Kurdistan, Iraq. 
"The transaction is the result of a rigorous and thorough process conducted with the oversight of an independent 
committee of the board," said Western president Jim Houck. "It accomplishes the key objective of capturing an 
integrated downstream and upstream opportunity." 
"The Athabasca Oil Sands Project [in which Western has 20-per-cent interest] is a world-class asset with 
multi-billion barrel, long-life potential," said Clarence Cazalot, Marathon's president. "Our 
strategically-advantaged U.S.-Midwest downstream business is well positioned to provide both near and 
long-term solutions to maximize bitumen resources. We are joining an ongoing and expanding project with strong 
partners." 
The Royal Dutch/Shell Group, leader of AOSP with 60-per-cent interest, aims to increase bitumen production 
from its oilsands assets in Athabasca to 770,000 barrels per day from a previous target of 500,000 bpd. 
Document VNCS000020070801e3810002g

Page 5 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Marathon moves into oil sands 
OIL AND GAS 
Report on Business: Canadian 
Marathon moves into oil sands 
NORVAL SCOTT 
909 words 
1 August 2007 
The Globe and Mail 
GLOB 
English 
2007 CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
CALGARY -- Marathon Oil Corp., the largest oil refiner in the U.S. Midwest, is set to become the latest 
international energy player to grab a stake in Alberta's oil sands, after it announced a deal yesterday to buy 
Calgary-based Western Oil Sands Inc. for $5.84-billion. 
The acquisition not only resolves the long-running quest by Western to find a buyer, but also provides 
Houston-based Marathon with the oil sands stake that it has been seeking. Analysts said investors should not be 
surprised if a competing bid were to materialize and raised the possibility Marathon could be forced to sweeten its 
offer. 
Marathon, the fourth-largest U.S.-based integrated oil and gas company and the fifth-largest U.S. refiner, sees the 
oil sands as a natural future source of crude for its refineries. The Midwest, where it is active, is the largest market 
for Canadian crude exports. 
“Marathon's strategically advantaged U.S. Midwest downstream business is well-positioned to provide both nearand 
long-term solutions to maximize the value of these substantial bitumen resources,” said Marathon CEO 
Clarence Cazalot. The company is now considering expanding its refineries in Detroit, Robinson, Ill., and St. 
Paul, Minn., to take more Canadian crude, the firm said in a conference call. 
Western was formed in 1999 by a group of 25 employees from BHP Billiton after the Australian company decided 
to withdraw from the proposed Athabasca Oil Sands Project (AOSP). The company's main asset is a 20-per-cent 
stake in the 155,000-barrel-a-day AOSP, a facility that's ultimately expected to produce 770,000 b/d of crude, 
while the company also holds a 20-per-cent stake in Chevron Corp.'s proposed Ells River project. Marathon will 
pay about $3.8-billion in cash, plus 34.3 million shares, for Western, and will also assume about $736.1-million of 
debt. 
Western Oil Sands shareholders will receive $35.50 in cash or 0.5932 of a Marathon share for each of their 
shares. They will also get stock in a spinoff company, WesternZagros, which holds Western's assets in Kurdistan 
in northern Iraq. The spinoff must take place prior to the deal closing, Marathon said. 
“In our view this deal is both messy and unattractive,” said Lex Kerkovius, analyst with McLean & Partners Wealth 
Management Ltd. in Calgary, in a note to clients. 
“We are of the view that this could merely be the opening salvo and that further bids may be forthcoming. It is 
probable that Royal Dutch and Chevron may come to the table; but there are other possible players as well 
including Total, ConocoPhillips, not to mention some national oil companies. We continue to believe that 
ultimately a successful takeover could occur at a substantially higher price, in a possible range of $40 [to] $45 per 
share.” 
While previous operational problems and higher-than-expected development costs at AOSP have long placed 
Western under shareholder pressure to increase its value, the establishment of the Iraqi venture in May, 2006, 
spurred considerable investor wrath at what was perceived as a drastic change in company strategy. A potential 
shareholder revolt was rumoured, with investors, including Salida Capital Corp., a Toronto-based hedge fund, 
pushing the company to initiate a sale or a conversion into a trust.

Page 6 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Last year, Western caved to the investor pressure, hiring TD Securities and Goldman Sachs to help find a 
downstream partner for its share of future AOSP production. In February, 2007, those firms' mandate was 
widened to seeking a potential takeover. 
While Marathon would appear to be a natural buyer of Western because it has the U.S. refining presence to 
process additional crude from the AOSP, and was touted as a possible suitor, it wasn't the favourite to purchase 
the company. Royal Dutch Shell and Chevron Corp. – Western's AOSP partners – were rumoured to previously 
be considering a potential bid. 
Industry rumour also suggested that the Korea National Oil Corp. and China National Offshore Oil Corp. both 
made unsuccessful bids for Western, while French multinational Total was also reported to have an interest in 
making a bid. 
In an interview, Western CFO David Dyck said that it would be inappropriate to talk about what discussions the 
company had had with possible suitors. He added that with the Marathon deal, expected to close in the fourth 
quarter, “We got the downstream deal and the corporate transaction we were looking for, while our shareholders 
get to continue to participate in the development of the oil sands through the stock component of the offer.” 
Mark Friesen of FirstEnergy Capital told Dow Jones Newswires that another bidder may still emerge for the firm, 
given the Marathon deal includes a relatively minor break fee of $200-million. 
With Western now seemingly off the table, there's a dwindling number of potential entry points for international 
firms looking to increase their exposure to the oil sands. With Canada's largest firms, such as EnCana and 
Canadian Natural, seen as too expensive for all but the biggest multinationals, Canadian firms most likely to be 
takeover targets are those developing oil sands projects which aren't yet so large to make a buyout too 
expensive. 
WESTERN OIL SANDS 
Close: $37.32, up $3.19 
MARATHON OIL 
Close: $55.20 (U.S.), down $1.80 
Document GLOB000020070801e3810007v

Page 7 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Marathon taps into a 'world-class asset'. 
COMPANIES THE AMERICAS 
Marathon taps into a 'world-class asset'. 
By DAINA LAWRENCE 
473 words 
1 August 2007 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
Asia Ed1 
Page 14 
English 
(c) 2007 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
Marathon Oilhas agreed to buy Canada's Western Oil Sands in a Dollars 6.2bn deal, giving the US's 
fourth-largest oil and gas company control of a 20 per cent stake in the Athabasca Oil Sands Project, one of the 
world's largest untapped reservoirs of unconventional crude oil. 
The deal will see Marathon pay Dollars 3.6bn in cash and about Dollars 1.9bn in shares and assume debt of 
Dollars 650m. It gives Marathon its first toehold in the Alberta oil sands project, a move it has been studying for 
some time. 
The 20 per cent stake in Athabasca will give Marathon access to more than 300,000 acres of oil sands, of which 
more than 200,000 acres are expected to be developed by mining. The Athabasca project is a joint venture, 
which includes Shell Canada with 60 per cent and Chevron Canada with the remaining 20 per cent. 
Alberta's oil sands deposits yield a heavy bitumen, the thickest form of petroleum, which is more difficult and 
expensive to process. Marathon said it had the capability in its Detroit refinery to take on this heavy oil. It is 
studying an expansion of the site, including the construction of a 28,000 bpd heavy oil coker. 
Marathon announced the deal as it reported a drop in second-quarter earnings to Dollars 1.55bn, or Dollars 2.25 
a share, from Dollars 1.75bn, or Dollars 2.08 a share, for the same period a year earlier. 
Despite the threat from rising production and labour costs, Clarence Cazalot, Marathon's chief executive, hailed 
the Athabasca Oil Sands Project as "a world-class asset with multibillion barrel, long-life resource potential." The 
deal is expected to close in the fourth quarter and is subject to shareholder and regulatory approvals. It would see 
Western Oil spinning off its WesternZagros unit, its wholly owned subsidiary with interests in Kurdistan. 
* Valero Energy, the US's biggest refiner, reported its best quarterly profits yesterday, as global demand for 
refined products continued to rise, writes Sheila McNulty in Houston. 
The company reported net income of Dollars 2.2bn, or Dollars 3.89 a share, up 16 per cent from Dollars 1.9bn, or 
Dollars 2.98 per share, in the second quarter of last year. Demand was driven by supply constraints, caused 
partly by more stringent product specifications, and a shortage of skilled labour and equipment. 
"The environment for refining margins was terrific in the second quarter and we continued to benefit from our 
complex, geographically diverse refining system,'' said Bill Klesse, its chief executive. Valero took a risk to build 
that system over the past decade, when the refining industry was still considered the stepchild of the oil industry. 
20070801J114.073 
Document FTFT000020070801e3810000f

Page 8 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE 3-Marathon to buy Western Oil Sands for $5.56 bln 
UPDATE 3-Marathon to buy Western Oil Sands for $5.56 bln 
By Michael Erman and Scott Haggett 
879 words 
31 July 2007 
08:24 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2007 Reuters Limited 
(Adds background, recasts) 
NEW YORK/CALGARY, July 31 (Reuters) - Marathon Oil Corp said on Tuesday it agreed to buy Canada's 
Western Oil Sands Inc. for about $5.56 billion, giving the U.S. oil company a foothold in one of the world's most 
promising streams of new crude oil. 
Houston-based Marathon -- which also posted a higher-than-expected second quarter profit -- has been looking 
for a partner in the Canadian oil sands for two years. 
The deal initially gives Marathon only a modest stake in the oil sands region, but the company would become 
more of a substantial player as it steps up production. 
Still, analysts said the deal is relatively cheap for Houston-based Marathon and other bidders may emerge. 
"They paid a reasonable rate to get their name up there," said James Halloran, energy analyst with National City 
Private Client Group, which manages about $35 billion in assets. 
"It gives them an entree into one of the last frontiers on the globe for the oil business. (Canada) has reduced 
political risk and it's a place where in the long run the major oil companies have got to be," he said. 
The oil sands region of northern Alberta contains an estimated 174 billion barrels of recoverable oil, a resource 
second only to Saudi Arabia. 
Working in the oil sands, is expensive and requires special equipment to turn the tar-like sludge -- called bitumen 
-- into usable fuel. But technical advances and high oil prices have lured a host of major companies to the region, 
and well more than $100 billion in projects are planned. 
Marathon has plans to link the Canadian fields with its refining operations in the United States, many of which it is 
considering upgrading to run heavy, Canadian crude oil. 
Chief Executive Clarence Cazalot said the company would be able to squeeze value out of the project from 
production through refining. 
Marathon will pay about $3.6 billion in cash plus 34.3 million shares or securities exchangeable for shares. It will 
also assume about $650 million of debt. 
The deal also requires Western to spin-off its subsidiary with interests in Iraq's Kurdistan region -- WesternZagros 
-- before the deal closes, Marathon said. 
MORE BIDDERS COULD EMERGE 
Western has a 20 percent stake in the massive Athabasca Oil Sands Project (AOSP) that is 60 percent owned by 
Royal Dutch Shell.Chevron owns the remaining stake. 
They plan to boost output from the Northern Alberta operations to 770,000 barrels a day over the next several 
years, nearly quadrupling the current capacity of about 200,000 barrels a day.

Page 9 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Analysts had considered the other partners to be potential bidders for Western, which put itself up for sale in 
November as shareholders pressured the company due to its flagging stock price. 
Mark Friesen, an analyst with FirstEnergy Capital, said another bidder may still emerge for the company. He had 
initially valued the firm to be worth about C$40 per share. 
Marathon is paying around C$35.50 per Western share in the deal. 
"There's a possibility of another bid," he said "It's not a done deal yet." 
Andrew Potter, an analyst with UBS Securities wrote in a note that the break fee, amounting to a relatively light 
C$1.23 a share, may also encourage a rival offer. 
Marathon said it would get access to proved mining reserves of 436 million barrels of bitumen through the deal 
and a total net resource of 2.6 billion barrels of bitumen that can be recovered through mining or "in situ" 
processing, which uses heat or solvents to remove the bitumen. 
It would have immediate net production of 31,000 barrels per day of bitumen. 
Western also owns a 20 percent stake in a property where Chevron is mulling a steam-driven oil sands project, 
and is exploring another steam project on lands it controls. 
Between its share of AOSP's expected production and its other projects, the company said in a recent 
presentation that it expects to produce 200,000 barrels a day in about 15 years. 
Currently only two oil sands producers, Syncrude Canada Ltd. and Suncor Energy Inc. produce more than 
200,000 bpd but a number of new projects planned for the region will produce at higher levels still. 
Marathon earned $2.25 a share in the second quarter, beating out the average forecast of Wall Street analysts by 
more than 10 cents on strong profits from its refineries. 
The company said it would raise its capital spending budget, excluding acquisitions, to about $4.68 billion from 
$4.24 billion, mostly due to increased costs at its Alvheim/Vilje project in Norway, expansion at its Garyville 
refinery and cost inflation. 
It is also boosting its stock buyback program by up to $2 billion. 
Shares of Marathon Oil fell about 1.8 percent to $55.99 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange, 
while Western Oil Sands shares rose C$3.26 to C$37.39. 
(Reporting by Michael Erman) 
MARATHON/ (UPDATE 3)|LANGEN|ABN|E|RBN|O|OIL|U|CANT|M|D|UKI|AUF|RNP|DNP|PEN 
Document LBA0000020070731e37v002c2

Page 10 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Marathon: Evaluating Refinery Projects To Run Canadian Crude 
Marathon: Evaluating Refinery Projects To Run Canadian Crude 
By Jessica Resnick-Ault 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
597 words 
31 July 2007 
09:34 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(c) 2007 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
HOUSTON (Dow Jones)-- Marathon Oil Corp. (MRO) may shift upgrading plans for its Midwestern refining 
system to handle volumes from newly acquired production in Alberta, Canada, executives said Tuesday during a 
conference call. 
The company will favor refineries with easy access to pipelines carrying Canadian crude oil. 
Marathon said it agreed to acquire Canada's Western Oil Sands Inc. (WTO.T) for $5.56 billion plus assumed 
debt of $650 million, gaining access to Western's 20% stake in the Athabasca Oil Sands Project, one of the 
world's largest crude-oil reservoirs. 
Upon completion of the transaction, oil producer and refiner Marathon will gain access to more than 300,000 
gross acres of oil sands, of which more than 200,000 acres are expected to be developed by mining. 
"The value creation is around the much lower cost that we can commercialize this at," said Chief Executive 
Clarence Cazalot. The acquisition of Western Oil Sands will allow Marathon to refine heavy crude from the 
Athabasca region at its Midwestern refineries for less than half of the cost of upgrading them at the exploration 
site, he explained. 
The company's refineries in Detroit, Mich., Robinson, Ill., and St. Paul, Minn., are the first candidates for 
expansion, said refining chief Gary Heminger, speaking during a conference call. A previously discussed potential 
expansion of the company's Catlettsburg, Kentucky, refinery has been put on the back-burner, Heminger said. 
Marathon will come to a final decision on whether to expand its Detroit, Michigan, refinery by the end of the year. 
"We've always had Detroit in the first position," said Heminger. "We believe that Detroit will have the appetite for 
crude expansions (at the Athabasca oil sands) through the middle of the decade," he said. 
The Detroit refinery will be a cost-effective location for refining the heavy, gunky oil extracted from the former 
Western Oil assets in the Athabasca oil sands. If approved, the expansion will add a coking unit, which refines 
the heaviest grades of crude oil, and expand its crude-processing capacity. 
In the first quarter of next year, the company will begin evaluating whether to expand its Robinson, Ill., refinery, 
Heminger said. Robinson would be a much more complex project than the Detroit expansion, and would come 
online between 2012 and 2014, Heminger said. 
Robinson has a competitive advantage from a transportation standpoint, said Heminger, because the refinery is 
located just 80 miles from a transportation hub at Patoka, Ill. 
Proximity to the Patoka hub has also made the St. Paul refinery a particularly attractive candidate for expansion, 
he said. St. Paul has a "competitive advantage of transportation costs, even over the Chicago area," said 
Heminger. 
Any expansion at the St. Paul refinery would be at a smaller scale, he said. 
Work on evaluating an expansion at Catlettsburg has been stopped because of the substantial transportation cost 
to bring crude 400 miles to the Kentucky refinery from Patoka. "Transportation options might open up down the 
road," said Heminger.

Page 11 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
The company will be able to consider new transportation options - especially a potential route from Canada to the 
Gulf Coast - if such pipelines are developed as more production comes online from the former Western assets, 
said CEO Cazalot. 
Cazalot and Heminger vowed to work with the same diligence that they used to acquire Western Oil sands to 
arrange necessary pipeline transportation. 
-By Jessica Resnick-Ault, Dow Jones Newswires; 713-547-9208; jessica.resnick-ault@dowjones.com [ 07-31-07 
1018ET ] 
Document DJ00000020070731e37v000z4 
Search Summary 
Text Clarence Cazalot AND western oil 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2008 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Marathon Oil Corp. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

