Page 1 of 5 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Corporate News: Longs Drug Rebuffs Walgreen Bid to Acquire Chain --- Board Backs Lower Offer By CVS, but 
Holders May Have Final Say...........................................................................................................................................2 
CVS to Buy Longs Drug For About $2.6 Billion...............................................................................................................4

Page 2 of 5 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Corporate News: Longs Drug Rebuffs Walgreen Bid to Acquire Chain --- Board Backs Lower Offer By CVS, but Holders May Have Final Say 
Corporate News: Longs Drug Rebuffs Walgreen Bid to Acquire Chain --- Board Backs Lower Offer By 
CVS, but Holders May Have Final Say 
By Amy Merrick 
750 words 
18 September 2008 
The Wall Street Journal 
J
B3 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2008, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
Longs Drug Stores Corp. spurned an expression of interest from Walgreen Co. to buy Longs for $2.7 billion, 
saying Walgreen didn't adequately address antitrust concerns. 
The Longs board said it still recommends that shareholders accept CVS Caremark Corp.'s lower bid of $2.6 
billion. 
But Longs, of Walnut Creek, Calif., may not get the final say. On Friday, Walgreen Chief Executive Jeffrey A. Rein 
said in a letter to the Longs board that Walgreen was willing to take its bid directly to Longs shareholders. 
Walgreen spokesman Michael Polzin said Wednesday that the drugstore chain "remains committed to pursuing 
our proposal." He declined to specify what steps Walgreen, of Deerfield, Ill., will take next. 
Two major shareholders, investment firms Advisory Research Inc. of Chicago and Pershing Square Capital 
Management LP of New York, have said they won't tender their shares to the CVS offer. Pershing Square hired 
Blackstone Group LP to help it find alternative bids, and said last week that it has identified several potential 
buyers. 
CVS Caremark, of Woonsocket, R.I., agreed to buy Longs for $71.50 a share Aug. 12. 
In 4 p.m. New York Stock Exchange composite trading Wednesday, Longs's shares declined $1.52, or 2%, to 
$74.79, indicating investors expect a higher bid to prevail. 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission Wednesday, Longs confirmed -- as many investors 
already had believed -- that Walgreen was the company previously identified by Longs as a "Party A" that had 
made overtures to buy Longs. 
In April, Longs said in the filing, Walgreen's Mr. Rein contacted Warren F. Bryant, Longs's chairman and chief 
executive, and proposed a meeting to discuss a potential offer of $62 to $65 a share for Longs. 
Although discussions continued, Longs expressed concerns that an antitrust review could take nine months or 
more to complete, and regulators could require significant asset sales. 
"Walgreen is second only to Longs in the number of pharmacy [stores] operated in Northern California and 
approximately 63% of Longs mainland [stores] are within two miles of a Walgreens location," Longs said in its 
SEC filing. Longs operates 521 stores in California, Hawaii, Nevada and Arizona, as well as a pharmacy-benefits 
management subsidiary. 
Talks continued until early July, and Walgreen raised its price to $70 a share, but discussions stalled over the 
issue of which company would assume the regulatory risks associated with a deal, Longs said. On July 11, Longs 
said, Walgreen indicated it was no longer interested in pursuing a deal. 
One month before the discussions with Walgreen ended, Longs contacted CVS Caremark Chief Executive 
Thomas Ryan to propose combining the two companies, Longs said in an Aug. 18 SEC filing. 
CVS Caremark doesn't have the same problem of overlapping locations in Northern California. The antitrust 
waiting period for its agreement to purchase Longs has expired.

Page 3 of 5 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
In a letter to Mr. Rein Wednesday, Mr. Bryant wrote that Walgreen "is not now proposing to accept the inherent 
regulatory risks" in a deal and "has not presented a clear roadmap to completion." 
Walgreen said Friday that it would be willing to divest Longs assets valued at no more than 40% of Longs's 
operating income for the 12 months ended Jan. 31. 
Critics have been upset that Longs didn't hold an open bidding process and have argued that the $1 billion value 
CVS Caremark placed on Longs's real-estate holdings undervalued those assets. 
CtW Investment Group, which works with union pension funds holding about 500,000 Longs shares, on Tuesday 
called on Longs to conduct a full auction for its business. 
Richard Clayton, the investment group's research director, said Wednesday that he was "very disappointed with 
the response from Longs today, which we view as being intransigent. It certainly doesn't indicate a willingness to 
recognize how badly flawed the process was in approving the CVS merger." 
A person familiar with the situation called Longs's rejection of the Walgreen offer a "negotiating tactic" to elicit a 
firmer bid, and said Longs should give Walgreen the financial documents it requested because "there's no cost to 
doing so." 
In a statement, CVS Caremark said it was "pleased" with the Longs board's decision. "We look forward to 
completing the transaction," the company said. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document J000000020080918e49i00013

Page 4 of 5 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
CVS to Buy Longs Drug For About $2.6 Billion 
Technology &Health 
CVS to Buy Longs Drug For About $2.6 Billion 
By David Armstrong and Amy Merrick 
727 words 
13 August 2008 
The Wall Street Journal 
J
B6 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2008, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
CVS Caremark Corp. agreed to buy Longs Drug Stores Corp. for about $2.6 billion, a move that will expand the 
company's footprint in California, Nevada and Hawaii. 
The move is the latest in an acquisition strategy that has catapulted CVS over Walgreen Co. to become the 
biggest drugstore chain in the country by number of stores, and one of the largest retailers of any kind. The 
takeover will give CVS, of Woonsocket, R.I., 6,800 drugstores in 41 states. 
With its acquisition of Caremark last year, CVS also became a major player in the prescription 
benefits-management business. One of the factors that attracted CVS to Longs was the West Coast company's 
pharmacy benefit-services unit, RxAmerica. 
The RxAmerica unit posted revenue of $187 million in the first quarter ended May 1, up 67% from $112 million in 
the same quarter a year earlier. RxAmerica manages prescription benefits for eight million people and offers 
prescription plans for 450,000 Medicare beneficiaries this plan year, almost double the previous plan year. 
CVS will pay $71.50 a share for each Longs share -- a 32% premium to its 4 p.m. closing price of $54.04 on the 
New York Stock Exchange. The deal was announced after the close of regular trading. Longs had fallen $1.07, or 
1.9%, in composite trading Tuesday. CVS fell 49 cents, or 1.3%, to $38.05, also on the Big Board. In after-hours 
trading, CVS's shares fell 4.4%, to $36.38. 
For the fiscal year ended Jan. 31, Longs posted revenue of $5.26 billion and net income of $96.2 million. For the 
year ended Dec. 29, CVS had net income of $2.64 billion on revenue of $76.33 billion. 
The Longs purchase gives CVS a presence in markets where it has been weak, most notably in northern 
California and Hawaii. The 521 retail locations it will acquire as part of the deal also include stores in Nevada and 
Arizona. 
Also attractive to CVS is Longs' real estate. The company owns 200 of its store locations as well as three office 
facilities. CVS said it has valued the real-estate holdings at more than $1 billion and indicated it plans to monetize 
assets over time. 
The deal is subject to antitrust review. With the purchase, CVS said it will manage or fill 1.2 billion prescriptions a 
year. Last year, according to health-care data company IMS Health, about 3.8 billion prescriptions were 
dispensed in the U.S. 
The acquisition will more than double the number of locations the company has in California -- from 382 at the 
end of last year to 829 after the deal. Just two years ago, CVS barely had a presence in California. That changed 
when the company bought the Sav-On chain of stores from Albertson's Inc. in 2006. 
In a conference call, CVS Chief Executive Thomas Ryan said the Los Angeles area is a top revenue generator 
for the company. He also said CVS wouldn't follow a cookie-cutter approach to operating its West Coast stores. 
Although the Longs stores in California will eventually be renamed as CVS stores, he said a West Coast-based 
merchandising team will make local decisions on stocking the stores. 
"We are not going to just go in and put a Boston CVS in San Francisco," he said. 
The Hawaii stores acquired by CVS will continue to operate under the Longs name, Mr. Ryan said.

Page 5 of 5 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
The purchase of Longs, of Walnut Creek, Calif., could put more pressure on Walgreen. Walgreen last month said 
that it planned to slow its rate of store growth for several years, reversing a strategy of rapid expansion. Walgreen 
operates 6,356 drugstores in every state but Alaska, where it plans to open stores next year. 
CVS said it expected the deal to be completed in the fourth quarter. Including assumed debt, CVS valued the 
purchase at $2.9 billion. 
CVS said it expects to achieve cost savings of $100 million in 2009 and about $140 million to $150 million in 
2010. The deal will be financed in part by a $1.5 billion bridge-loan facility. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document J000000020080813e48d0003v 
Search Summary 
Text Thomas Ryan AND longs drug 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2009 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company CVS Caremark Corp. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

