Page 1 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
MONEY - WARREN BUFFETT - PROFILE. ...................................................................................................................2 
MARTIN DICKSON ON BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY'S PLANS TO BUY THE REST OF GEICO. ...................................4 
BUFFETT SPENDS $2BN ON RETURN TO HIS ROOTS. ............................................................................................6 
BUFFETT OFFER FOR INSURER - WARREN BUFFETT.............................................................................................8 
BUFFETT COMPLETES 44-YEAR-OLD BID. ................................................................................................................9 
Buffett to buy remainder of Geico Will invest $2.3-billion in the insurance company he plowed savings into in 1951 ..... 
10 
Buffett to buy rest of GEICO for $2.3 billion. .................................................................................................................12 
Berkshire-Hathaway to acquire Helzberg's Diamond. ...................................................................................................14 
TALKING POINT/AMERICAN EXPRESS CO...............................................................................................................15

Page 2 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
MONEY - WARREN BUFFETT - PROFILE. 
MONEY - WARREN BUFFETT - PROFILE. 
939 words 
2 September 1995 
The Independent - London 
IND 
24 
English 
(c) 1995 Independent Newspapers (UK) Limited . All rights reserved. This material may not be published, 
distributed or exploited in any way. 
_F By JONATHAN DAVIS INVESTMENTS. 
"In recent years, Warren Buffett has become increasingly concerned about the growing threat to traditional 
media businesses from video, cable and satellite." 
There are times, it seems, when it is impossible to escape from the name of Warren Buffett, the American 
investor whom many professionals regard as the greatest stock market investor there has ever been. So 
successful has Buffett been that he now commands media attention for even the smallest move that he makes. 
Just as well, perhaps, that he only does a handful of deals a year, otherwise the crescendo of publicity would be 
deafening. 
In the last month, Buffett has cropped up in the headlines twice - first as the man who brokered the huge $19bn 
merger between Disney and ABC/Capital Cities, the television metwork; and secondly, by bidding a mere $2.3bn 
for the minority shareholding in an American insurance company, Geico. 
The latter is an interesting company which, rather like Direct Line in this country, specialises in selling car and 
household policies direct to the public. It is more famous, however, for being the first company that Buffett 
invested in. At the age of 20, he put half his savings - some $7,000 - into buying the company's shares, and 
promptly made a turn by selling a few of them to his aunt. 
Today he is worth more than $8bn, which makes him number one or number two in the annual rankings of 
America's wealthiest individuals, depending on how well shares in Microsoft are doing at the time. (The computer 
boffin, Bill Gates, now contests the top spot). 
Both recent transactions give fresh insights into the way that Buffett, the archetypal long-term investor, operates. 
His success has been based on buying large shareholdings in companies with good business franchises and 
holding them for a long period of time - which in some cases can mean 20 years or more. 
The Disney/ABC deal, however, marks a rare occasion when he is cashing in one of his investments. Buffett was 
an early shareholder in Capital Cities, which runs several local TV and radio stations. He sold out - but later 
returned to help finance the takeover of ABC, one of America's three main TV networks, in 1994. 
In recent years, Buffett has become increasingly concerned about the growing threat to traditional media 
businesses from video, cable and satellite. Although the margins in TV remain better than the average business, 
he laments that "gone are the days of bullet-proof franchises and cornucopian economics" - what Lord Thomson 
in this country called a licence to print money. Unusually, Buffett sold a third of his holding in ABC/Capital Cities in 
1993 - and now has effectively disposed of the rest in a deal that he actively helped to bring about. 
The Geico transaction seems more straightforward. As with Capital Cities, Buffett has a habit of returning to 
stocks in which he has invested before. He recently started buying shares in American Express again - some 30 
years after pulling off one of his earliest coups in the same company. 
The bulk of his shareholding in Geico was bought in 1976 when the company was close to bankruptcy. He has 
since steadily increased his shareholding and now is buying out the 50 per cent of the shares that he does not 
already own. As he he said when he announced the deal, if a business is attractive once, it may well pay to 
repeat the process.

Page 3 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Buffett's huge personal wealth today is a monument to the effectiveness of the simple principles that underlie his 
investment approach. Huge numbers of words have been written about what those principles are. The most 
recent book about his methods spent several weeks on the New York Times bestseller list. 
But simplicity remains the key to what he does. He sticks to investing in businesses that he knows a good deal 
about - one reason why it is no surprise to see him returning to the same industries and the same companies. 
Although he is friendly with Gates, for example, Buffett has never invested in Microsoft or any other high 
technology company - on the grounds that he does not fully understand the risks involved. 
Just as important, Buffett insists that he never invests purely for the sake of it. The only thing he wants to put his 
money into are shares in individual companies. The overall level of the market and the state of the economy are 
irrelevant. What matters most is whether the market price of the shares he likes are a bargain or not compared 
with the intrinsic value of the business. 
Such opportunities may not come up for several years at a stretch, which is why Buffett characterises his 
investment approach as "masterful inactivity verging on sloth". When he does place a bet on a company, 
however, he bets big - and holds on to the shares for a long time, until the value of the business is at last reflected 
in the share price. 
The most startling thing about Buffett's success is that he reckons that about three quarters of his huge wealth is 
due to barely a dozen investment decisions that he has taken over a period of more than 40 years in the game. 
The rest of the time, he has just sat back and watched the managers of his businesses - helped by the wondrous 
powers of compound interest - do the work for him. In investment, if results matter more to you than the fun of 
taking part in the first place, it really can pay to be patient. 
Document ind0000020011103dr920089a

Page 4 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
MARTIN DICKSON ON BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY'S PLANS TO BUY THE REST OF GEICO. 
MARTIN DICKSON ON BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY'S PLANS TO BUY THE REST OF GEICO. 
983 words 
28 August 1995 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
12 
English 
(c) 1995 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
Lessons from history. 
One Saturday spring morning in 1951 a 20-year-old student from New York's Columbia University took a train to 
Washington DC and headed for the locked offices of a tiny insurance company known as Geico. 
When a surprised caretaker eventually opened the door, the precocious youth demanded to know whether there 
was anyone else in the building who could tell him about the company. 
As it happened, Mr Lorimer Davidson, the company's vice-president for finance, was working on the sixth floor. 
The student was ushered into his presence and spent the next four hours firing questions about Geico, its 
operating methods and business outlook. 
The youth was Mr Warren Buffett, who is now chairman of the Berkshire Hathaway investment group and, 
thanks to its remarkable growth record, the most celebrated investor in the US. 
Impressed by the presentation from Mr Davidson (who eventually became chief executive of the company), he 
went away and invested 70% of his then net worth in Geico - and persuaded his Aunt Alice to buy 100 shares 
too, which marked his first sale as fledgling stockbroker. 
Thus began a long association between Mr Buffett and Geico which took a new turn on Friday when Berkshire 
Hathaway announced plans to buy up the 49% of the insurance company which it does not yet own, at a cost of 
about $2.3bn (#1.48bn). The story of that relationship provides an insight into the investment tenets which have 
made Mr Buffett so successful. 
What prompted the young Buffett to go knocking on Geico's door in the first place was an entry in Who's Who 
which told him that Benjamin Graham, his professor at Columbia, was chairman of Geico. 
Graham, who has since died, is widely regarded as the founder of modern securities analysis, who also 
established the 'value' school of investing, which emphasises identifying and buying securities which are 
undervalued by the market. 
He had a profound influence on Mr Buffett's investment style, and back in 1950 the young Columbia student 
wanted to find out what his mentor saw in Geico. 
His discussions in Washington revealed a company with an excellent market niche and growth prospects. Geico 
was founded in 1936 to sell motor insurance to government employees, who had fewer accidents than the 
general public. Its policies were sold directly to the motorist, eliminating the overhead expenses of insurance 
agents. In the 1950s it was to extend its coverage to other careful motorists, including managers and 
professionals. 
Even so, Mr Buffett eventually sold his shares in Geico, and it was not until 1976 that Berkshire Hathaway took a 
stake in the business - which was by then in dire trouble. Ambitious expansion had led it away from its policy of 
insuring only careful drivers and it was teetering on the edge of bankruptcy. 
The board appointed a new president, Mr John Byrne, a tough 43-year-old executive from the Travelers 
insurance group, who started trying to save the company by slashing costs and seeking the support of the 
insurance industry.

Page 5 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
It was at this critical point that Mr Buffett again expressed an interest in buying a substantial stake in Geico. 
According to Mr Roger Lowenstein, author of the biography Buffett: the Making of an American Capitalist, which 
will be published this week, he sought a meeting with Mr Byrne in Washington which was eerily reminiscent of the 
day 25 years before when he first knocked on Geico's door. 
As Mr Byrne recalls, Mr Buffett pumped him for hours: 'He wanted to know the things I would do. What did I think 
of our ability to survive? I remember we talked late at night about families, other stuff. But mostly the conversation 
was Geico.' 
An investment in Geico at this juncture would not have been recommended by Benjamin Graham, whose 
philosophy insisted on a significant margin for safety in any investment. Geico was, in Mr Buffett's words, in 
danger of becoming 'the Titanic of the insurance world'. 
But Mr Buffett was also influenced by investment theorists who emphasised the importance of a company's future 
prospects and management capability. He was impressed by Byrne and he saw that, despite the chaos, Geico 
still retained its underlying cost advantage. 
'Byrne,' Mr Buffett was later to say, 'is like the chicken farmer who rolls an ostrich egg into the henhouse and 
says, 'Ladies, this is what the competition is doing'.' 
Shortly after their late-night conversation, Mr Buffett began to buy Geico shares at little more than $2 apiece. Mr 
Lowenstein quotes him as telling a board meeting of the Washington Post: 'I've just invested in something that 
might go under. I could lose the entire investment next week.' 
But he did not. Under its new management, Geico quickly regained its footing and over the past 15 years has 
produced one of the most impressive returns on equity in the US property-casualty sector. Berkshire Hathaway's 
investment, which is in the company's books at $45.7m, now has a market value of well over $2bn. 
Berkshire's offer to buy out minority shareholders is a big endorsement of the present management - Byrne 
resigned in 1986 to head the insurer Fireman's Fund - and underscores Mr Buffett's penchant for buying 
businesses he knows well. 
As he wrote in last year's annual report: 'Before looking at new investments, we consider adding to our old ones. 
If a business is attractive to buy once, it may well pay to repeat the process.' He also noted that he has a pattern 
of pulling investment decisions 'out of past associations'. 
Indeed: nothing more clearly illustrates the echo of history in his decision-making than that train journey to 
Washington 44 years ago. 
(c) The Financial Times Limited 1995. 
Document ftft000020011221dr8s013dk

Page 6 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
BUFFETT SPENDS $2BN ON RETURN TO HIS ROOTS. 
BUFFETT SPENDS $2BN ON RETURN TO HIS ROOTS. 
By Garth Alexander. 
748 words 
27 August 1995 
The Sunday Times 
ST 
English 
© 1995 Times Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 
For Warren Buffett, the humble investor whose wily deals over the past 44 years have turned him into America's 
second-richest man, it was like coming home. 
On Friday he announced that Berkshire Hathaway, his holding company, had agreed to pay $2.3billion 
(#1.5billion) to take full ownership of Geico, an American insurance group in which he first invested in 1951. At 
the age of 20 he was so convinced that Geico was a good buy he sank 70% of his savings into the company, and 
soon began selling its shares to relatives and friends. "I felt very comfortable with that commitment," he 
announced at a press conference two days ago, "and I feel equally comfortable with the major commitment that 
Berkshire Hathaway has made today." Berkshire Hathaway is paying $70 a share for the 49% of the company 
that it does not already own. 
But behind Buffett's latest move lies a disappointing year. Big investments in USAir, Salomon, PNC Bank and 
Champion International have soured, and some analysts are suggesting the legendary Wall Street guru may be 
losing his touch. Berkshire Hathaway shares, which closed on Friday up $600 at $25,400, are no longer 
outstripping the market in the spectacular manner they have for the past two decades. 
Buffett, 64, has admitted that the very success and size of Berkshire Hathaway, which is 44% owned by him and 
his wife and has a market value of $29billion, may limit future success. "A fat wallet is the enemy of superior 
investment results," he comments wrily. 
Buffett paid tribute last week to Lorimar Davidson, 91, a former chief executive of Geico, who, he said, "first 
opened my eyes to the potential for Geico some 44 years ago". 
At that time Buffett was a student at Columbia Business School, studying under Benjamin Graham, a pioneer 
investment analyst, whom he deeply admired. Buffett discovered that Graham was chairman of Geico, and 
decided to find out more about the company. 
One weekend he caught the train to Washington and knocked on the door of Geico's closed offices. A caretaker 
finally let him in and took him to Davidson, who spent the next four hours explaining the company to him. 
In many ways Geico exemplified the kind of company in which Buffett would invest for the next 40 years. It was a 
low-cost operation, with a finely focused business that offered motor and home insurance to government workers 
and war veterans. It had no advertising budget or sales agents, and grew by word-of-mouth recommendations. 
"It's a low-cost operator and it's been a low-cost operator since 1936," Buffett said last week. 
Berkshire Hathaway, whose big holdings include stakes of $5.5billion in Coca Cola, $2.4bn in Capital Cities/ABC, 
$2billion in Gillette and $1billion in Wells Fargo, bought its 51% stake in Geico in 1976 for $45.7m, after the 
company had suffered big losses and the shares had collapsed. Geico's shares closed up $12.90 at $68.63 on 
Friday, making that 51% stake worth more than $2billion. 
The deal, which has still to be approved by Geico's shareholders at a meeting in December, is expected to be 
completed by January. Some of the cash to finance the deal may come from the sale announced three weeks 
ago of Capital Cities/ ABC to Walt Disney. Buffett's $500m stake in ABC, bought in 1984, has been reduced twice 
in recent years, but is still worth more than $2billion. 
It is successes like this that make his many admirers overlook his recent reverses, and continue to draw 
Berkshire Hathaway's shareholders, like the followers of a religious cult, to the company's annual meetings held

Page 7 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
in Omaha, Nebraska. There, Buffett addresses his devotees in an informal and folksy way and gives out 
investment tips. 
Shares in his holding company soared 20% earlier this year when The Warren Buffett Way, by Robert Hagstrom, 
was published and tens of thousands of investors rushed out to buy copies of the book, and many bought 
Berkshire Hathaway shares. The market rose only 3% in that time, and many analysts now believe that Berkshire 
Hathaway is grossly over-priced. 
But try telling that to anyone who invested $800 in the company 30 years ago when Buffett first took it over. 
Today those 40 shares, costing $20 each, would make that person a millionaire. 
Document st00000020011104dr8r0039g

Page 8 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
BUFFETT OFFER FOR INSURER - WARREN BUFFETT. 
BUFFETT OFFER FOR INSURER - WARREN BUFFETT. 
301 words 
26 August 1995 
The Times 
T
English 
© 1995 Times Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 
From Richard Thomson in New York. 
WARREN BUFFETT, often dubbed the world's greatest investor, has struck again. 
His original $45m investment in Geico, a leading American property and casualty underwriter specialising in car 
insurance, was valued at $2.5bn yesterday after he made a cash offer for the 49% interest that he does not 
already own. 
Mr Buffett said: "In 1951, when I was 20, I invested well over half of my net worth in Geico. I felt very comfortable 
with that commitment, and I feel equally comfortable with the major commitment that Berkshire Hathaway has 
made today." 
Berkshire, Mr Buffett's investment vehicle, is offering minority shareholders $70 a share, a substantial premium to 
Thursday's closing price of $55.75, signalling his determination to take full control. 
However, such is his reputation that shares of other insurers rose sharply in New York after the announcement 
that he was buying an insurance company. 
Geico, the Government Employee Insurance Company, set up in 1936, traditionally sells private car insurance to 
lower risk employees of the US Government and the military. With assets of $5.4bn, the company produced 
revenues of $1.4bn in the first six months of this year. It will become a subsidiary of Berkshire. Earlier this year, 
the reputation of Mr Buffett, also known as the "sage of Omaha", seemed to be slipping because of the troubles of 
Salomon Brothers, in which he has invested $700m, and of USAir, in which he invested $358m. 
However, he redeemed himself three weeks ago when Disney announced its $19bn takeover of Capital 
Cities/ABC, a company in which Mr Buffet was the largest shareholder, with 13%. Giving his blessing to the deal, 
Mr Buffett acknowledged his profit from selling his holding would exceed $600m. 
Document t000000020011104dr8q00j14

Page 9 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
BUFFETT COMPLETES 44-YEAR-OLD BID. 
BUFFETT COMPLETES 44-YEAR-OLD BID. 
By MAGGIE URRY. 
544 words 
26 August 1995 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
18 
English 
(c) 1995 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
Mr Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway is bidding $2.3bn (#1.43bn) to take full ownership of Geico, a US motor 
insurance company in which the billionaire investor first bought shares in 1951. 
Mr Buffett has been building up to this deal since he was 20, when he invested 70% of his net worth at the time in 
Geico. As a fledgling stockbroker, his first deal was to sell 100 Geico shares to his aunt Alice. 
Berkshire Hathaway already owns 51% of Geico and is offering $70 a share for the other 49%. Geico shares 
jumped $12 7/8 to close at $68 5/8. 
The investment in Geico represents rather less than half Mr Buffett's net worth. Berkshire Hathaway has a market 
value of $29bn, valuing his and his wife's 44% stake in the group at $12.8bn. 
Mr Buffett said yesterday that in 1951 'I felt very comfortable with that commitment, and I feel equally comfortable 
with the major commitment that Berkshire Hathaway has made today'. Mr Buffett said he 'would like to thank 
Lorimer Davidson, former CEO of Geico, for first opening my eyes to the potential for Geico some 44 years ago'. 
As a student at Columbia Business School, Mr Buffett fell under the spell of Mr Benjamin Graham, one of the 
founders of the science of investment analysis. Looking up his professor in Who's Who, Mr Buffett discovered that 
Mr Graham was chairman of Geico, then the Government Employees Insurance Company. 
One Saturday he took a train to Washington and banged on Geico's locked door. Eventually a caretaker let him in 
and took him to Mr Davidson, then financial vice-president, who happened to be working that day. Mr Davidson 
spent four hours explaining the insurance business in general and Geico to the young Buffett. 
That fortunate meeting was, in many ways, fundamental to Mr Buffett's later success. Mr Davidson, now 91, is still 
an honorary director of Geico. 
Berkshire Hathaway bought its first shares in Geico in 1976, when the business was nearly insolvent, and the 
price of its 51% stake was recorded at $45.7m in its 1994 annual report. 
Mr Buffett has said for some time that Berkshire Hathaway's size means that only large deals can make a 
significant impact on its value. He also prefers to buy businesses he knows well. In this case no due diligence 
was necessary and the deal, unusually, is not subject to a 'no material adverse change' clause. 
Negotiations between the two sides began on August 17. Mr Buffett is known to be reluctant to issue Berkshire 
Hathaway shares, and the deal is all for cash. Berkshire Hathaway has about $1.5bn in cash, and with further 
income expected in the second half is not expected to resort to significant borrowings to finance the deal. 
A majority of the public shareholders of Geico must approve the takeover, at a meeting scheduled for December. 
The deal is expected to go through next January. If completed, Geico will continue to operate as a separate 
business within Berkshire Hathaway, run by its co-chief executives Mr Tony Nicely and Mr Louis Simpson. 
(c) The Financial Times Limited 1995. 
Document ftft000020011221dr8q013ca

Page 10 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Buffett to buy remainder of Geico Will invest $2.3-billion in the insurance company he plowed savings into in 1951 
ROB 
Buffett to buy remainder of Geico Will invest $2.3-billion in the insurance company he plowed savings 
into in 1951 
559 words 
26 August 1995 
The Globe and Mail 
GLOB 
B17 
English 
All material copyright Thomson Canada Limited or its licensors. All rights reserved. 
Reuters News Agency 
OMAHA 
Billionaire Warren Buffett said yesterday he would pay $2.3-billion (U.S.) to buy the rest of Geico Corp., the 
insurance company he plowed most of his savings into as a young investor nearly 45 years ago. 
The purchase by Mr. Buffett, now one of the most widely watched and shrewdest investors in the United States, 
will further extend the diverse empire that has already made him the world's second-richest businessman. 
Mr. Buffett, whose net worth of $10.7-billion ranks him behind Microsoft Corp. chairman William Gates, said the 
purchase reflects his longstanding confidence in Geico, which sells auto, home, life and health insurance. 
"In 1951, when I was 20, I invested well over half of my net worth in Geico," Mr. Buffett said. "I felt very 
comfortable with that commitment and I feel equally comfortable with the major commitment that Berkshire 
Hathaway has made today." 
Mr. Buffett said he did not expect any staff cuts at Geico, which will become a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway 
Inc., his Omaha-based holding company. As is customary with the 64-year-old investor, the acquired company 
will retain its management. 
Tony Russ, an analyst with Shelby Cullom Davis in New York, said a key aspect of the transaction is Mr. Buffett's 
plan to leave in place Geico's co-chief executives Olza "Tony" Nicely, 52, and Louis Simpson, 58. 
"I think one of the things Berkshire may be buying is succession for Warren Buffett," Mr. Russ said. "Lou 
Simpson has been a friend of Mr. Buffett's for a long time." 
In announcing the move, Mr. Buffett touted Mr. Simpson's investment prowess at Geico, a company that tends to 
keep more of its investments in equities than most insurers. 
The terms of the deal call for Berkshire to offer $70 a share for the 49 per cent of Geico it does not already own. 
Berkshire also owns large stakes in Coca-Cola Co., Capital Cities/ABC Inc. - which is being acquired by Walt 
Disney Co. - and other companies as investments. 
Geico shares shot up $12.87 to $68.62 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange. Berkshire, whose holdings 
also include publishing, candy and furniture companies, rose $600 to $25,400, also on the NYSE. 
Mr. Buffett, in an interview on CNBC-TV, said he decided to buy out the rest of the company now because the 
time seemed right and he liked the insurer's low-cost business strategy. "It's a low-cost operator and it's been a 
low-cost operator since 1936," he said, noting that Washington- based Geico does not use sales agents. 
Mr. Buffett said he would pay about $1.5-billion from cash on hand with the "other money coming in." He said he 
would not borrow to finance the deal. His initial investment in Geico, which at the time was a little- known insurer, 
was worth about $45-million.

Page 11 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
The merger is expected to close in early January, 1996, subject to approval by state regulators and holders of 
Geico stock, including a majority of the shares not owned by Berkshire. It has already been approved by the 
boards of both companies. 
Document glob000020011025dr8q00xbf

Page 12 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Buffett to buy rest of GEICO for $2.3 billion. 
Buffett to buy rest of GEICO for $2.3 billion. 
By Patricia Vowinkel 
749 words 
25 August 1995 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1995 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK (Reuter) - Billionaire Warren Buffett said Friday he would pay $2.3 billion to buy the rest of GEICO 
Corp., the insurance company he ploughed most of his savings into as a young investor nearly 45 years ago. 
The purchase by Buffett, now one of America's most widely watched and shrewdest investors, will further extend 
the diverse empire that has already made him the world's second richest businessman. 
Buffett, whose net worth of $10.7 billion ranks him behind Microsoft Corp. Chairman William Gates, said the 
purchase reflects his longstanding confidence in GEICO, which sells auto, home, life and health insurance. 
"In 1951, when I was 20, I invested well over half of my net worth in GEICO," Buffett said. "I felt very comfortable 
with that commitment and I feel equally comfortable with the major commitment that Berkshire Hathaway has 
made today." 
Buffett said he did not expect any staff cuts at GEICO, which will become a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway 
Inc., his Omaha, Neb.-based holding company. 
As is customary with the 64-year-old investor, the acquired company will retain its management. 
Although Buffett had casually discussed a buyout with GEICO management over the years, serious talks began -- 
and were concluded -- last Thursday, Buffett and GEICO officials said. 
The terms of the deal call for Berkshire Hathaway to offer $70 a share for the 49 percent of GEICO it does not 
already own. Berkshire also owns big stakes in Coca-Cola Co., Capital Cities/ABC Inc., which is being acquired 
by Walt Disney Co., and other companies as investments. 
GEICO shares closed up $12.875 at $68.625 on the New York Stock Exchange after the announcement, and 
sparked a rally in other insurance stocks. Berkshire, whose holdings also include publishing, candy and furniture 
companies, rose $600 to $25,400, also on the NYSE in late trading. 
"If Warren Buffett thinks there's value there, then people wonder who's next," one trader said. 
Buffett, in an interview on CNBC-TV, said he decided to buy out the rest of the company now because the time 
seemed right and he liked the insurer's low-cost business strategy. 
"It's a low-cost operator and it's been a low-cost operator since 1936," Buffett said, noting that Washington, 
D.C.-based GEICO does not use sales agents. 
He also said GEICO, as primarily an auto insurer, will not compete against any of Berkshire Hathaway's property 
and casualty insurance operations. 
He said he would have been willing to buy the rest of the company at other times, but said its current 
management favoured such a deal, providing the price was right. 
Buffett said he would pay about $1.5 billion from cash on hand with the "other money coming in." He said he 
would not borrow to finance the deal. 
His inital investment in GEICO, which at the time was a little known insurer, was worth about $45 million.

Page 13 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
He said GEICO will not expand into new products but would remain focused on auto insurance. "I believe in focus 
in businesses. I would love it if GEICO stays focused on what it does and does it even better," he said. 
The merger is expected to close in early January 1996, subject to approval by state regulators and holders of 
GEICO stock, including a majority of the shares not owned by Berkshire Hathaway. It has already been approved 
by the boards of both companies. 
Operating from his home base of Omaha, Buffett started with a family business valued at $100,000 and built a 
fortune by seeking undervalued assets that other investors had largely ignored. 
His best known purchases were large pieces of Beatrice, the big food company, and the television network ABC 
before they were taken over. 
In 1987 he jumped into the mainstream on Wall Street with both feet, buying a $700 million stake in Salomon Inc. 
But his most spectacular coups have been lesser-known properties. A $3.5 million chunk of the stock of Boston 
Globe owner Affiliated Publications, later acquired by the New York Times Co., soared to over $60 million before 
he sold it. 
Standard and Poor's Corp. affirmed the ratings on Berkshire Hathaway's $1.2 billion of debt as well as GEICO's 
$460 million of debt, citing the conglomerate's consistently stable earnings and sound management team. 
(c) Reuters Limited 1995 
Document lba0000020011103dr8p04ran

Page 14 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Berkshire-Hathaway to acquire Helzberg's Diamond. 
Berkshire-Hathaway to acquire Helzberg's Diamond. 
132 words 
10 March 1995 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1995 Reuters Limited 
NORTH KANSAS CITY, Mo. (Reuter) - Helzberg's Diamond Shops Inc., a privately held jewelry store chain, said 
Friday it agreed to be acquired by Berkshire Hathaway Inc., the diversified holding company headed by investor 
Warren Buffett. 
Financial terms of the deal, which is expected to be completed in 45 to 60 days, were not disclosed. 
Helzberg's operates 148 jewelry stores in 23 states. 
Berkshire Hathaway, based in Omaha, Neb., has major interests in companies such as Coca-Cola Co., American 
Express Co., Gilette and GEICO. It also owns Dexter Shoe Companies, H.H. Brown Shoe Co. and See's 
Candies. 
Berkshire Hathaway's stock was up $50 at $22,150 on the New York Stock Exchange in early afternoon trading. 
(c) Reuters Limited 1995 
Document lba0000020011104dr3a00hne

Page 15 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
TALKING POINT/AMERICAN EXPRESS CO. 
TALKING POINT/AMERICAN EXPRESS CO. 
By Betty Wong 
515 words 
1 August 1991 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1991 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, Aug 1, Reuter - American Express Co, whose earnings have been hurt by problems at its brokerage 
unit, received a welcome endorsement from billionaire Warren Buffett with a 300 million dollar investment. 
Buffett, the Omaha, Neb.-based chairman of Berkshire Hathaway Inc, is considered a savvy investor known for 
his long-term diversified holdings, analysts said. 
"Buffett doesn't invest in companies he doesn't feel will make money," said Joan Goodman of Pershing and Co. 
Analysts said the investment should help bolster American Express's capital position, which has been eroded by 
problems at its Shearson Lehman Brothers unit. 
"The company needed capital and this is a good way to go," said Argus Research's Denise Petsis. 
Under the deal announced earlier, American Express will sell non-transferable preferred stock in a private 
placement to Berkshire Hathaway or its subsidiaries. 
American Express ended up one to 26-3/8. "Investors are thinking if Warren Buffett thinks it's worth an 
investment, it can't be that bad," said Merrill Lynch's Gerald Lewinsohn. 
"This is a small investment for him, but it underscores his confidence in the company," Lewinsohn added. 
Shares in Berkshire Hathaway, the most expensive issue listed on the New York Stock Exchange, added 25 to 
8550. 
Analysts have similarly grown more optimistic about American Express's outlook. Underscoring Wall Street's 
improving confidence was the company's report last week of better-than-expected second-quarter results. 
American Express reported a 20 pct drop on earnings due largely to a write-off of Shearson's 28 pct investment in 
the failed insurer First Capital Holdings Corp 
But the results also showed that American Express's core Travel Related Services group held up well despite the 
recession and Shearson's business is improving, analysts said. Shearson dragged down its parent's results in 
1990. 
"(American Express) is positioned to do well as the economic recovery gets under way," Petsis said. "Provided 
that capital markets continue on a favourable path, it'll likely see further gains on the revenue side." 
Neither Buffett nor Berkshire had any immediate comment on the deal. 
Under the agreement, the preferred securities will pay dividends of 8.5 pct a year and will be converted to 
common stock within three years. If Berkshire Hathaway holds the securities for the full three years, it would get 
about 12 million shares of common stock at 33.79 dollars a share. 
American Express said it is keeping the option to redeem the preferred stock for common stock at any time. 
Buffett, who was ranked as the second-richest American in the latest edition of the Forbes 400, has stock 
holdings worth some 3.3 billion dollars.

Page 16 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Berkshire Hathaway, Buffett's holding company, had equity investments valued at over 700 million dollars in each 
of the following companies as of Dec 31, 1990: Coca-Cola, Salomon Inc, GEICO Corp, Capital Cities/ABC Inc 
and Gillette Co. 
Buffett invested 700 million dollars in Salomon in 1987 when the company was threatened with a takeover. 
Document lba0000020011124dn8103oup 
Search Summary 
Text Warren Buffett AND Geico 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/1996 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Berkshire Hathaway, Inc. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

