Page 1 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
FOCUS - AT&T aims to strengthen int'l strategy.............................................................................................................2 
TCI's Malone gives arbs reason to pause. ......................................................................................................................4 
AT&T, WorldCom meetings reveal culture differences. ..................................................................................................6

Page 2 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
FOCUS - AT&T aims to strengthen int'l strategy. 
FOCUS - AT&T aims to strengthen int'l strategy. 
By Jessica Hall 
724 words 
26 June 1998 
19:12 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1998 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, June 26 (Reuters) - AT&T Corp. said it still aims to strengthen its international presence but does 
not plan to buy a national phone carrier overseas. 
AT&T's $48 billion agreement to buy Telecommunications Inc. will not stop the telecommunications giant from 
moving quickly to shore up its international operations. 
AT&T's current international strategy, mostly consisting of loose alliances, is not a good "match" for the company, 
AT&T Chairman C. Michael Armstrong told analysts in a conference call Friday. 
"We must control the (network) architecture in order to have seamless coverage," control costs and see adequate 
final returns, Armstrong said. 
But Armstrong stressed that AT&T has "no intention to go off and buy a PTT." PTT is telecommunications 
industry jargon for the traditional, national overseas carriers. 
AT&T declined to elaborate on Armstrong's brief remarks. It was not immediately clear whether AT&T would 
consider a minority investment in a foreign carrier. 
As AT&T expands overseas, it wants to control the use of its brand name and ensure that it can provide the same 
level of quality and service as it does in the U.S. 
"We have to be able to go up to our customers and say we have a seamless service, we have uniform quality, we 
have a guaranteed price, and we have assured installation intervals," said AT&T president John Zeglis in an 
interview with Reuters Television earlier this week. 
"That is the hardening up or firming up of alliances that hasn't been done, but we know we must do - so stay 
tuned on that one." 
Industry sources and analysts said they believe AT&T is actively pursuing international investments and joint 
ventures that are more substantive than what AT&T has done so far. 
A deal may be announced by the end of the year. British Telecommunications Plc is seen as the most likely 
partner for AT&T, analysts and industry sources said. 
Even though AT&T will have to absorb the massive TCI deal, "I still expect to see some (international) move out 
of them. Armstrong is making the play of the decade, do everything in a very fast, one fell swoop," said Frank 
Dzubeck, president of Communications Network Architects. 
"International is a '98 issue. Armstrong is saying 'Let's get going and take on the world,'" Dzubeck said. 
AT&T could dissolve its European alliances with Dutch, Swedish and Swiss carriers, called Unisource, and join 
BT's international venture, Concert, analyst said. 
Concert provides global networking services for multinational corporations. 
Kenneth McGee, a telecommunications analyst for market research firm The Gartner Group, said he expects 
AT&T to pursue a minority investment in BT.

Page 3 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
McGee said it he expects AT&T and BT to form "a financial arrangement, not just a partnership or an alliance." 
BT has been seeking a U.S. partner after losing its original mate, MCI Communications Corp., to WorldCom Inc. 
BT will get about $7 billion in cash for its stake in MCI, giving it the funds to pursue acquisitions or investments. 
Concert's services will be distributed on a nonexclusive basis by MCI and WorldCom when their merger is 
completed. BT has said it may announce new distribution partners over the next year and AT&T may best fit the 
bill. 
While BT has also been rumoured to be interested in other U.S. partners such as Bell Atlantic Corp., SBC 
Communications Inc. and GTE Corp, a deal with a combined AT&T-TCI would instantly give BT an national 
distribution network, analyst said. 
Armstrong already has been quick to deliver on many of the initial promises he made when he took over the 
nation's largest telecommunications company last November. Strengthening the international strategy would fulfil 
the last major promise. 
Armstrong put AT&T back into the local phone business buy agreeing to buy TCI and Teleport Communications 
Group Inc. He also outlined plans to cut expenses and trim about 18,000 jobs, forged marketing alliances with 
several Internet search companies and improved the company's wireless pricing strategy. 
(( New York newsroom 212-859-1729)). 
(C) Reuters Limited 1998. 
Document lba0000020010925du6q01yhc

Page 4 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
TCI's Malone gives arbs reason to pause. 
TCI's Malone gives arbs reason to pause. 
714 words 
24 June 1998 
12:15 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1998 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, June 24 (Reuters) - AT&T Corp.'s proposed acquisition of Tele-Communications Inc. has traders of 
takeover stocks nervous about the behaviour of TCI Chairman John Malone, who bolted from a $30 billion merger 
agreement with Bell Atlantic Corp. four years ago. 
Malone's reputation as a dealmaker who leaves nothing on the bargaining table, walking before swallowing 
unfavourable terms, has eclipsed concern about regulatory opposition to the $68 billion AT&T-TCI combination, 
the arbitrageurs said. 
Overall, though, the arbs agreed that completion of the deal is likely, given what they view as a favourable view of 
the deal by the Federal Communications Commission and the "historical" significance of the deal. 
"From an arbitrage perspective, it is the kind of thing where there will be lots and lots of euphoria in the 
marketplace for the first brief period of time, then reality sets in," said an arb who asked not to be named. "It is 
something we approach with trepidation." 
"We know this guy (Malone) has walked from a large, glitzy deal in the recent past so this is by no means a slam 
dunk," the arb said. 
"People will realise it is mired with regulatory issues, potential timing delays and large egos that will at times 
adversely impact the way this thing proceeds," he added. 
The deal is valued at about $68 billion, said C. Michael Armstrong, chairman of AT&T, the nation's largest 
telecommunications company. 
The $68 billion price tag includes $31.8 billion in stock for TCI, $11 billion in debt and $5.5 billion for At Home 
Corp. shares, Armstrong told analysts in a conference call. 
TCI owns 39 percent of At Home, a company which provides Internet access over cable modems. 
Armstrong said the value also includes the repurchase of AT&T stock that had been 
offered in its pending acquisition of 
Teleport Communications Group Inc., and about $20 billion in value for Liberty 
Media Corp. . 
"It is dilutive to AT&T, that is why they are hitting the stock. It is a good concept, but it will be a political hot potato, 
but I don't think its going to have any problem getting through," said a second arb. 
In midday trade on the New York Stock Exchange, AT&T shares were down 5-9/16, or 8.5 percent, to 59-13/16, a 
three-week low. It was the Big Board's most active stock with 12.8 million shares traded. 
On the Nasdaq, TCI's "A" stock trimmed its opening gains to trade up 1-13/16 at 40-1/2, with 23.7 million shares 
traded. It hit a record high of 44 in early action. 
Steve Cohen, director of research at Kellner, DiLeo, a New York-based arbitrage firm, described as "overstated" 
the significance of Malone walking away from Bell Atlantic deal in 1994. 
"A deal of this magnitude is historical. I don't view his personality of past inconsistencies as a factor at all," Cohen 
said.

Page 5 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"As I presently understand it, there are no regulatory obstacles, it would not surprise me if the FCC if looked 
kindly on it," he said. "There are a lot of reasons why the FCC would want this to happen. There policy is to 
encourage local competition." 
"But AT&T is a political lightning rod, so what you will find is political heat applied along the way," he said, adding 
this attention would likely come from the U.S. Congress in the form of "big is bad" arguments. 
FCC Chairman William Kennard said on Wednesday that the merger was "eminently thinkable" if the two 
companies make a commitment to give consumers more choice in communications services. 
The pact would give AT&T an outlet to provide consumer long-distance and local phone service, Internet access 
and cable service. 
It may also allow AT&T to break up the local phone monopoly. AT&T has not owned local phone lines since the 
government forced the split up of Ma Bell and created the seven Baby Bell regional phone companies more than 
a decade ago. 
((-Brendan Intindola, N.Y. Equities, 212-859-1734)). 
(C) Reuters Limited 1998. 
Document lba0000020010925du6o026pm

Page 6 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
AT&T, WorldCom meetings reveal culture differences. 
AT&T, WorldCom meetings reveal culture differences. 
By Jessica Hall 
713 words 
19 May 1998 
15:32 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1998 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, May 19 (Reuters) - AT&T Corp.'s new chairman will meet shareholders for the first time Wednesday 
to outline plans to revitalize the lumbering giant, while its leaner rival, WorldCom Inc. , will tout its role as the 
next-generation telecommunications leader. 
AT&T's annual meeting will be held on Wednesday in Secaucus, N.J. WorldCom will hold its meeting on 
Thursday near its Jackson, Miss. headquarters. 
"There's two major annual meetings this week that will be so different in tone and message that it could almost be 
two companies in separate industries," said Jeffrey Kagan of consultancy Kagan Telecom Associates. 
"AT&T needs to start thinking like WorldCom, since it will be the gazelles like WorldCom that shape the future." 
WorldCom has grown from a little-known upstart to an industry powerhouse set to buy MCI Communication Corp. , 
the nations' second largest long distance company. WorldCom has positioned itself in the fastest growing areas of 
the telecommunications industry such as data, Internet and international services. 
At the same time, AT&T has stagnated with excess bulk, lackluster revenue growth and management turnover. 
The annual meeting will allow AT&T's new chairman, C. Michael Armstrong, to explain plans to revitalize the 
sluggish telecom group. 
"My hope is that he (Armstrong) will talk about exciting new plans and direction. My fear is that he'll talk about 
what they've done so far," Kagan said. 
Under Armstrong's brief tenure, AT&T has agreed to buy Teleport Communications Group Inc. , which provides 
local telephone service to businesses. It also announced a series of marketing alliances with Internet companies 
and set goals to trim its bloated management ranks and expenses. 
But it still has much to do. 
AT&T must jump-start is revenue growth, which was flat during the first quarter. The company also needs to find a 
way to provide local phone service to consumers, strengthen its Internet business, spread its reach further 
internationally and revive its consumer long distance and wireless businesses, analysts said. 
Armstrong arrived last fall amid great fanfare and hope he would repeat his stunning performance as the former 
head of Hughes Electronics, a unit of General Motors Corp. At Hughes, Armstrong cut jobs and slashed costs in a 
bid to make the struggling defense and electronics company more nimble and focused in the face of shrinking 
government defense spending. 
Armstrong, who arrived at AT&T at the same time rival MCI was at the center of an international bidding war, 
acknowledged that he faced a steep learning curve. SBC Communications Inc.'s proposed $61 billion acquisition 
of Ameritech Corp. has further shortened Armstrong's grace period, analysts said. 
Shares of AT&T have gained 20 percent since the company tapped Armstrong as chairman and CEO last fall, but 
have slipped more than seven percent since the end of 1997. 
"The stock market performance of late has certainly reflected a little impatience, particularly on the top line 
growth. But I think most people would agree that Armstrong is doing as good a job as possible," said Richard 
Klugman, a telecommunications analyst with Goldman Sachs.

Page 7 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"Clearly AT&T's job right now is to show they are meeting the challenges of the industry head on," Klugman said. 
AT&T's meeting also will include administrative details such as the election of directors, the approval of 
independent auditors and an increase in common stock authorization. 
WorldCom shareholders will also elect a board of directors and a poison-pill proposal. 
It will also likely face questions about regulatory scrutiny of its pending acquisition of MCI. The two companies, 
which faced antitrust hearings in Brussels last week, still expect the deal to close this summer. U.S. and 
European regulators are studying whether or not the combined company would dominate the Internet and 
wholesale long distance businesses. 
GTE Corp. , which lost in the bidding war for MCI, filed a lawsuit earlier this month to block the WorldCom-MCI 
deal. GTE contends that the combined company would monopolize the Internet and threaten competition in the 
long-distance market. 
(( New York newsroom 212-859-1729)). 
(C) Reuters Limited 1998. 
Document lba0000020010925du5j04y0s 
Search Summary 
Text Michael Armstrong AND Teleport Communications 
Date All Dates 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company AT&T, Inc. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

