Page 1 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
In Deal Defense, Wachovia CEO Provides (a Little) More Insight ..................................................................................2 
Wachovia Plans More Deals ...........................................................................................................................................4 
Wachovia in California: Street Assays Prospects ...........................................................................................................5 
Wachovia takes third stake in California with Golden West ............................................................................................7 
Risky Step or Measured One? Taking an Oath...............................................................................................................9 
Corporate News: Wachovia strikes a deal for Golden West --- Bank agrees to pay $26 billion in big bet on mortgage 
business ........................................................................................................................................................................12 
Wachovia Strikes $26 Billion Deal For Golden West --- California S&L Will Give Acquisitive Giant Big Slice Of 
Mortgage-Loan Business ..............................................................................................................................................14 
Powder Dry, But Targets Are Unclear ...........................................................................................................................17 
Retail-Focused Wachovia Exits Corporate Trust ..........................................................................................................19 
WSJ UPDATE: Wachovia's Net Up On Fee Income, Acquisitions................................................................................21 
Art of the (Small) Deal; Wachovia's eclectic, 'disciplined' approach..............................................................................23 
Wachovia Plans to Buy Auto Lender.............................................................................................................................25 
3rd UPDATE: Wachovia To Buy Westcorp In $3.91B Deal ..........................................................................................27 
2nd UPDATE: Wachovia To Buy Westcorp In $3.91B Deal..........................................................................................29 
Wachovia Weighs Bid for Car Lender WFS Financial...................................................................................................31 
WFS Dealers May Be Lure For Wachovia ....................................................................................................................33 
Wachovia Explores a Deal for WFS ..............................................................................................................................35

Page 2 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
In Deal Defense, Wachovia CEO Provides (a Little) More Insight 
News 
In Deal Defense, Wachovia CEO Provides (a Little) More Insight 
By Paul Davis 
938 words 
15 June 2006 
American Banker 
AMB 
1
Vol. 171, No. 114 
English 
(c) 2006 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. 
WASHINGTON -- Five weeks after unveiling his company's deal for Golden West Financial Corp., G. Kennedy 
Thompson, the chairman, chief executive, and president of Wachovia Corp., was forced to defend the deal again 
Wednesday. 
But this time Mr. Thompson said he is even more comfortable with the $25.5 billion deal now than he was when it 
was announced May 7, and he cited a comfort level with the integration process and an improved revenue 
outlook. 
It was clear that he has not quieted the critics entirely, but he managed to give them a glimpse into the planned 
integration during a conference call with investors moderated by Michael Mayo, a Prudential Equity Group LLC 
analyst. 
Mr. Thompson said a merger-integration team meeting he attended last week left him "thrilled to see the level of 
interplay" between the two companies. 
"We're going to do better from a revenue standpoint I think than we thought," Mr. Thompson said, due in part to 
Golden West's sales-oriented work force. "We like it more today than we did the day we announced it, and we 
liked it a lot then," he added. He did not give a dollar amount for revenue synergies. 
Wachovia executives have found themselves repeatedly defending the deal; the Charlotte company held two 
conference calls within a week after announcing it. 
Since the deal was unveiled Wachovia's stock has dropped 12%, because of concerns about Golden West's 
specialization in option adjustable-rate mortgages, the deal's high premium, and the perceived difficulty of turning 
the Oakland, Calif., thrift company into a cross-selling machine. 
Mr. Mayo, who lowered his rating for Wachovia's stock to "underweight," from "neutral weight," after the deal was 
announced, offered Mr. Thompson another opportunity to defend it. 
At times Mr. Thompson seemed to take umbrage at having to defend the deal again. He said investors are 
overlooking the quality of Golden West and its track record and the opportunities the companies would have to 
cross-sell mortgage products. 
"The last thing that the market has absolutely wrong is our ability to implement our retail banking model," he said. 
"I've got tremendous confidence in our ability to do that," he added. 
Wachovia has projected that the Golden West acquisition would be neutral to operating earnings in 2009, add a 
penny a share to cash earnings in 2008, and generate $53 million of after-tax cost savings and $293 million of 
merger-related expenses. Wachovia expects to close 55 branches and cut 1,100 jobs. 
Wednesday's call had some tense exchanges between the typically reserved Mr. Thompson and some Prudential 
clients. When asked about the difficulties of converting a large thrift company, he quickly described the question 
as the one "that frustrates me more than any other." 
Mr. Thompson went on to say that his company had acquired 27 thrift companies over the past 15 years, and that 
about one-third of its deposits in Florida, where he had once been the market president, have come from such

Page 3 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
acquisitions. "Golden West is a thrift in name only, and you have to just put aside all of your preconceived notions 
about what a thrift is when you talk about Golden West," he added. 
But the next investor questioned that comment, and Mr. Thompson quickly clarified that the $128 billion-asset 
Golden West did not resemble the "traditional S&L," which had "lousy branch locations and no sales culture." 
However, he acknowledged that the product line is "thrift-like." 
Nancy Bush, an analyst at NAB Research LLC in Aiken, S.C., said that Wachovia had failed to adequately 
publicize the Prudential call, and that she found out about it only after the fact. 
In many ways the conference call was markedly different from Mr. Thompson's one-on-one with Mr. Mayo in June 
of last year. During that call, the talk revolved around theoretical dealmaking; Mr. Thompson characterized 
California as a long-term goal and said his company would likely enter that state through branch-building at some 
point over a five-year period. 
In March, Wachovia acquired Westcorp Inc. and WFS Financial Inc. of Irvine, Calif. Though the $542 billion-asset 
company picked up 19 branches in southern California through those deals, they were largely viewed as a way of 
beefing up its auto-finance operations. 
By comparison, Golden West has 285 branches, including 123 in California and others in high-growth markets 
such as Chicago, Denver, and Phoenix. 
On Wednesday, Mr. Thompson again contested the notion that the majority of Golden West's branches are in 
subpar locations. 
"They opened those branches in affluent areas in the West because the purpose of that branch system was to 
raise deposits to fund mortgage growth," he said. "As a result ... those branches are almost all in the kind of 
places where we would have had branches if we had had the ability to be in the West." 
During the call, Mr. Mayo asked Mr. Thompson to speculate again on future acquisitions -- specifically, what 
Wachovia's international operations would look like in five years. Mr. Thompson would not provide any 
projections, except to say that international acquisitions are "not on our windshield." Wachovia would take its time 
integrating Golden West and "will be out of the big deal business certainly for a significant amount of time." Last 
month he said the integration could last until 2008. 
(c) 2006 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. http://www.americanbanker.com 
http://www.sourcemedia.com 
photo, Thompson 
Document AMB0000020060615e26f00003

Page 4 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Wachovia Plans More Deals 
News 
Wachovia Plans More Deals 
By Paul Davis 
248 words 
17 May 2006 
American Banker 
AMB 
2
Vol. 171, No. 94 
English 
(c) 2006 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Wachovia Corp. chairman, chief executive, and president G. Kennedy Thompson said it will likely make smaller 
bank acquisitions in California to build on the $25.5 billion deal for Golden West Financial Corp. 
Over time the $542 billion-asset Charlotte company will build branches in the state and "probably make some 
small acquisitions along the way," , Mr. Thompson, said Tuesday. 
He did not provide a specific timeline, though Wachovia has said it would not integrate Golden West's California 
branches until the fourth quarter of next year. 
Wachovia announced May 7 that it would acquire the $128 billion-asset Oakland thrift company. Golden West has 
123 branches in California. Wachovia obtained 19 through its March acquisition of Westcorp in Irvine. 
The Golden West deal has elicited some skepticism on Wall Street over concerns that include the seller's focus 
on option adjustable-rate mortgages and Wachovia's ability to cross-sell to Golden West customers. Wachovia 
has been busy trying to clarify its reasons for pursuing the deal. "If you look at the way we've grown our East 
Coast franchise over time, we think it's a pretty good model," Mr. Thompson said Tuesday during a New York 
conference hosted by UBS AG. "We feel that we'll play very well on the West Coast with our brand of general 
banking." 
(c) 2006 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. http://www.americanbanker.com 
http://www.sourcemedia.com 
Document AMB0000020060518e25h00005

Page 5 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Wachovia in California: Street Assays Prospects 
News: In Focus 
Wachovia in California: Street Assays Prospects 
By Jim Cole 
1,198 words 
12 May 2006 
American Banker 
AMB 
2
Vol. 171, No. 91 
English 
(c) 2006 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. 
WASHINGTON -- Wachovia Corp.'s deal to buy Golden West Financial Corp. may send ripples through the 
California banking market, but it would not make the Charlotte banking company a heavyweight in the state 
overnight, observers say. 
To become a household name there, the $542 billion-asset Wachovia needs to remake Golden West in its own 
image and cross-sell its far wider product set to the Oakland, Calif., thrift company's customers. 
"They can be competitive in California if they are willing to spend the money to make the changes," said Gary 
Townsend, an analyst at Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Group Inc. in Arlington, Va. 
The $25.5 billion deal, expected to close in the fourth quarter, would make Wachovia the sixth-biggest depository 
institution in the state, according to June 31, 2005, data from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. (At the end of 
June it was the 32nd-biggest.) 
However, Wachovia would still trail companies like Bank of America Corp., Washington Mutual Inc., and Wells 
Fargo & Co., the top three deposit holders in California, which held a combined share of 50% at midyear. 
Acquiring Golden West would give Wachovia an extensive network of branches, including 123 in California. It 
would also become one of the country's largest option adjustable-rate mortgage lenders. 
"Everyone would have to say ... [Golden West] is the best option ARM lender out there," Fred Cannon of Keefe, 
Bruyette & Woods Inc., said in an interview Monday. 
But demand is slowing for Golden West's single mortgage product in the current interest rate environment. 
Observers said Wachovia would likely be able to adjust to the slowdown, because it could offer customers of 
Golden West's World Savings Bank other mortgage products, including fixed-rate loans. However, Mr. Townsend 
and others said that World Savings' branches are not in the greatest shape, or in prime locations. Also, the 
branches are populated by workers who do not cross-sell, and they are frequented by older customers who do 
not want automated teller machines, observers say. 
In announcing the deal Sunday, Wachovia said it would spend $34 million to upgrade things like branches and 
systems. It would put its name on the California branches in the fourth quarter of next year. 
During a conference call held Monday to discuss the deal, Wachovia chairman, president, and chief executive G. 
Kennedy Thompson, said that before that conversion his company would train Golden West employees and hire 
financial specialists, "so that on the day of conversion, when the name becomes Wachovia and the systems 
change, we will have a branch that will be operating with the new product set, and we will also have taken steps 
to make sure that every customer of that branch is contacted and knows exactly what is going on." 
On Thursday, the company did not comment by press time. 
Peter Kelly, a co-leader of the banking practice in the Los Angeles office of the executive recruiting firm Highland 
Partners, a unit of Hudson Highland Group Inc., said Golden West "gives them the opportunity, I suspect, with the 
large number of branches, to leverage their other lines of business."

Page 6 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Wachovia already has 4,500 employees, or 4.5% of its work force, in California in several business lines, 
including Wachovia Securities and Wachovia Small Business Capital. In February it acquired the Irvine banking 
company Westcorp and WFS Financial Inc., an auto-finance company that was 84% owned by Westcorp. 
But Wachovia would have a lot of catching up to do. 
"We are in this endgame in California. We have three big franchises out here -- B of A, Wells Fargo and Wamu -- 
that are very entrenched," Mr. Cannon said. The question for other big banking companies, such as Citigroup 
Inc., U.S. Bancorp, and Wachovia, is "Can someone develop a fourth meaningful player in the market -- or get to 
the size where they are clearly a national player that can vie with the Big Three in California?" 
Analysts say Citi has not capitalized on its 2002 purchase of Golden State Bancorp, the parent of California 
Federal Bank. That purchase gave the $1.6 trillion-asset New York company 336 branches in California. Today it 
has 373 in the state, and at the end of June it had the No. 5 deposit share, according to the FDIC. 
Wachovia would be a better retail competitor than Citi, analysts say. (Last year Wachovia led retail banking 
companies in the University of Michigan's American Customer Satisfaction Index for the fifth straight year.) 
Wamu has demonstrated that acquisitions, combined with the right product, free checking, and clever marketing, 
can pay off in the Golden State. The Seattle thrift company's first major thrust in California came in 1996-98. In 
that three-year period it bought the $20 billion-asset American Savings Bank of Irvine, which had 125 branches; 
the $43 billion-asset Great Western Financial Corp., which had 416 branches in California and Florida; and H.F. 
Ahmanson & Co., the parent of the 335-branch Home Savings of America. 
At an investor conference Tuesday in Seattle, Steve Rotella, the chief operating officer of the $349 billion-asset 
Wamu, welcomed Wachovia's expansion plans. "We obviously have a very large presence in terms of retail 
stores and mortgage banking operations, and we think we'll continue to succeed very nicely in California with 
Wachovia in the marketplace." 
The $1.38-trillion asset B of A is also firmly entrenched in California. In 1998 the Charlotte company bought 
BankAmerica Corp., which was founded in San Francisco in 1904. 
Analysts said they do not think that executives at Wells are huddled in its San Francisco headquarters a panic 
right now. 
"I don't think people are getting their heads together at Wells and saying, 'Oh, what are we going to do? Are we 
going to change?' " Joe Morford of Royal Bank of Canada's RBC Capital Markets in San Francisco, said Tuesday. 
"They are still the hometown bank here -- bigger footprint across the state, well known, good brand identity, 
everybody knows their stagecoach here, good market share, their people are entrenched." 
But Richard X. Bove of Punk, Ziegel & Co., said he believes Wachovia's expansion on the West Coast could have 
two significant ripple effects on the merger and acquisition front: making Wamu a more likely takeover target and 
forcing the $492-billion Wells to finally seek to expand in the east. 
"There are six companies now sitting on the West Coast that have national or international franchises, and Wells 
doesn't. That puts the company at a significant competitive disadvantage," he said. 
A spokeswoman for Wells said it would not comment for this story. Wamu would not discuss takeover 
speculation. 
During an investor conference Tuesday, Bruce L. Helsel, a senior executive vice president and head of corporate 
development at Wells, repeated its attitude about deals. "We really don't need to do acquisitions to increase our 
distribution network," he said. 
Paul Davis contributed to this story. 
(c) 2006 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. http://www.americanbanker.com 
http://www.sourcemedia.com 
photo, Rotella 
Document AMB0000020060512e25c00006

Page 7 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Wachovia takes third stake in California with Golden West 
Business 
Wachovia takes third stake in California with Golden West 
Tom Bawden 
480 words 
9 May 2006 
The Times 
T
55 
English 
(c) 2006 Times Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved 
WACHOVIA, the fourth- biggest bank in the United States, has continued its onslaught on California by agreeing 
the $25.5 billion (Pounds 13.7 billion) takeover of Golden West, the mortgage provider. 
The acquisition would be Wachovia's third in California since December, when the bank bought AmNet Mortgage, 
a San Diego-based lender with a network of 7,000 mortgage brokers. That takeover came after Wachovia's 
acquisition of Westcorp, California's thirdbiggest 
lender to used car purchases, in March. 
Wachovia, which previously had a minimal presence in California, is keen to tap the potential of America's most 
populous state. California's 34 million population is forecast to grow at 7.7 per cent a year over the next five 
years, according to Wachovia. This compares with an average of 6.3 per cent for the country as a whole over the 
same period. 
Golden West, which has its headquarters in Oakland, is best known for its World Savings brand, which is the 
sixth-biggest mortgage lender in the state. 
The bank also operates 285 savings branches, 123 of them in California, which have $62 billion of deposits 
between them. The rest of the deposits are held in branches in Florida, Colorado, Texas, Arizona, New Jersey, 
Kansas, Illinois, Nevada and New York. 
Wachovia's strategy of moving into California by buying local operations echoes the approach that the bank has 
taken nationwide in recent years. Wachovia, led by Kennedy Thompson, its chief executive, has quadrupled 
profits since the end of 2001. The acquisition spree began with First Union's takeover of Wachovia, in which the 
First Union name was dropped, and continued with the acquisition of SouthTrust Corp in 2004. Wachovia will still 
be America's fourth-biggest bank after the deal, with $669 billion of assets and customers in 21 states. 
The deal would value the stake of Herbert and Marion Sandler, the husband and wife who founded Golden West 
in 1963, at nearly $5 billion. The couple, now in their seventies, are expected to hold on to their shares after the 
deal, although the cash component will 
give them a windfall worth hundreds of millions of dollars. 
The combined company would still rank well behind JPMorgan Chase, America's third-biggest bank, but further 
ahead of Wells Fargo, the fifth. Citigroup is the biggest bank in the US, and the world, followed by Bank of 
America. 
Merrill Lynch and Wachovia itself advised Wachovia 
on the deal, along with Sullivan & Cromwell, the law firm. Lehman Brothers and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 
advised Golden West. 
Wachovia is buying Golden West for 16.8 times the company's profits for last year. 
This compares with the 15.4 times that Capital One Financial is paying for North Fork Bancorp. 
(c) Times Newspapers Ltd, 2006

Page 8 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Document T000000020060509e2590006g

Page 9 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Risky Step or Measured One? Taking an Oath 
National 
Risky Step or Measured One? Taking an Oath 
By Paul Davis 
1,198 words 
9 May 2006 
American Banker 
AMB 
1
Vol. 171, No. 88 
English 
(c) 2006 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Another measured step in Wachovia Corp.'s expansion or a step too far? 
That was the question analysts seemed to wrestle with on Monday in the wake of Wachovia's $25.5 billion deal 
for Golden West Financial Corp. 
In size terms, Golden West is in a different category from the bank deals undertaken by CEO, president, and 
chairman G. Kennedy Thompson. It is nearly double in size the $14 billion acquisition First Union Corp. struck 
for Wachovia before taking its name. 
Several analysts downgraded the Charlotte company's shares Monday, citing concerns about the operational risk 
presented by Golden West's option adjustable-rate mortgage operations. 
However, others said that the deal was emblematic of Mr. Thompson's systematic and disciplined approach to 
acquisitions, with one referring to the deal as evidence of the executive's practice of "keeping promises" -- in this 
case pledges to expand in consumer lending and in California. 
In an interview Monday, Mr. Thompson said he found the reaction of some analysts "a little bit frustrating." Option 
ARMs "obviously have a bad name, but Golden West has the most conservative product out there." 
During a conference call earlier in the day with analysts, Mr. Thompson had briefly addressed concerns about 
Golden West's upcoming transformation. 
"Here is my promise to you," he said. "Like the Hippocratic oath, we will do nothing to screw up that model. We 
will only add to it." 
During the call Mr. Thompson presented the deal as a continuation of a growth plan well under way at his $542 
billion-asset company. 
The deal "rapidly increases the California growth plan that we had in place" and "bulks up and accelerates our 
growth plans in Texas," he said. 
Wachovia, which has also been vocal about its desire to focus on consumer banking and began reissuing its own 
cards this year, has been expanding in California, where it has completed two consumer transactions in the past 
six months. 
In December, Mr. Thompson said, "I believe that the consumer for the rest of my life is going to be a pretty good 
place to place your bet." That month his company acquired the San Diego home lender AmNet Mortgage Inc. for 
$83 million. In March, Wachovia acquired Westcorp Inc. of Irvine, Calif., and WFS Financial Inc., an auto finance 
company mostly owned by Westcorp, for $3.9 billion. 
The deal for Golden West, the parent of World Savings Bank, is expected to close in the fourth quarter. Wachovia 
would become a top five banking company in the West while gaining significant scale in the mortgage business. 
Golden West has $128 billion of assets and 285 branches, including 123 in California, where Wachovia gained 19 
branches through its purchase of Westcorp.

Page 10 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Buying Golden West would expand Wachovia's operations in Florida and Texas and bring it into to Colorado and 
Arizona. 
During the call, Mr. Thompson said buying Golden West would make Wachovia one of the six largest banking 
companies in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Denver, Houston, and Phoenix. Wachovia's asset total would rise to 
$686 billion, still the nation's fourth-biggest. (The top three banking companies have more than $1 trillion.) 
Mr. Thompson called Golden West a "crown jewel" that his company had long "admired," but one that "we just 
never thought we would ever have a chance to do a combination with." During the conference call, he said he 
was "thrilled" to be approached by Golden West's representatives. 
(A Wachovia spokeswoman would not discuss a report Monday in The Charlotte Observer that said Golden West 
started negotiating with Wachovia after unsuccessful discussions with Citigroup Inc. and HSBC Holdings PLC. 
Spokesmen for Citi and HSBC also would not discuss the report.) 
Some analysts said they were surprised at the deal. 
Kevin Fitzsimmons, an analyst at Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP, said in an interview that the size and scale 
caught investors by surprise in a way that creates "a disconnect" from recent acquisitions. 
Michael Mayo, an analyst at Prudential Equity Group LLC, lowered his rating for Wachovia's stock to 
"underweight," from "neutral weight," and wrote in a note to clients that the deal presents three main issues: high 
operational risk, dilution of Wachovia's long-term growth rate, and terms that were "not cheap." 
Gerard Cassidy, an analyst at Royal Bank of Canada's RBC Capital Markets, said the biggest issue is whether 
Wachovia can transform Golden West without taking a major hit to earnings growth. 
"When you transition from a one-product model to a multiproduct model, you are going to lose some earnings 
growth," he said in an interview. "The deal appears to be measured, but the real question is will it be successful?" 
However, Robert Patten, an analyst at Regions Financial Corp.'s Morgan Keegan & Co. Inc., wrote in a report that 
Wachovia "has been in the business of making and keeping promises" and clearly communicated to investors a 
desire to build scale in auto lending, credit cards, and mortgages. He maintained an "outperform" rating for 
Wachovia stock. 
Wachovia projects that the Golden West acquisition would be neutral to operating earnings in 2009, add a penny 
a share to cash earnings in 2008, and generate $53 million of after-tax cost savings and $293 million of 
merger-related expenses. The company also plans to upgrade Golden West branches; few of them have 
automated teller machines, and many of them lack drive-throughs. Wachovia would add two Golden West 
directors to its board. The deal includes a $995 million breakup fee. 
During the conference call, Thomas J. Wurtz, Wachovia's chief financial officer, said the company could save 
more money by decelerating its branch-building. Wachovia executives have said in recent months that it could 
open 200 branches in California over the next five years, and that it could continue to open 50 branches a year in 
Texas. 
The deal "does represent an opportunity to step back, take a little breather, do that a little slower," Mr. Wurtz said. 
As with its other large acquisitions under Mr. Thompson, Wachovia would take its time integrating Golden West. 
He said during the call that it would likely wait until the fourth quarter of next year before taking on the California 
branches and even longer to integrate the remaining branches. 
Wachovia expects to close 55 branches and cut 1,100 jobs, including 225 to 250 resulting from the branch 
closings. Executives said it does not anticipate many cuts among employees who deal with the public. 
Herb Sandler, a co-chief executive of Golden West, said during the conference call that the company he 
co-founded with his wife, Marion, could have doubled in size as a stand-alone. 
"We operate in a very narrow niche, and we do it extraordinarily well," he said. "But the negative is that we are, in 
fact, a monoline company. ... You can just go so far as a one-product company." 
Jim Cole and Tim Mazzucca contributed to this story.

Page 11 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
(c) 2006 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. http://www.americanbanker.com 
http://www.sourcemedia.com 
photo,Wurtz 
Document AMB0000020060509e25900001

Page 12 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Corporate News: Wachovia strikes a deal for Golden West --- Bank agrees to pay $26 billion in big bet on mortgage business 
Corporate News: Wachovia strikes a deal for Golden West --- Bank agrees to pay $26 billion in big bet on 
mortgage business 
By Dennis K. Berman, Carrick Mollenkamp, and Valerie Bauerlein 
848 words 
9 May 2006 
The Wall Street Journal Asia 
AWSJ 
4
English 
(c) 2006 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. To see the edition in which this article appeared, click here 
WACHOVIA CORP. struck a roughly $26 billion stock-and-cash deal to buy Golden West Financial Corp., making 
a big gamble on the volatile U.S. mortgage business as it extends its ambition to become a true national bank. 
Wachovia agreed to pay 1.051 shares of its stock, valued at $62.42 based on Friday's closing prices, plus $18.65 
in cash for each share of Golden West. The price represents a roughly 15% premium to Golden West's current 
market value. The deal was unveiled late Sunday, following final negotiations complicated by the fact that 
Wachovia executives were hosting a PGA golf tournament, the Wachovia Championship, in the bank's hometown 
of Charlotte, North Carolina. 
The deal furthers the rapid consolidation of the U.S. banking industry into a small number of national players, 
complemented by a coterie of small regional and community banks. Wachovia has been the most voracious of all, 
forging about 140 takeovers and mergers -- large and small -- that have transformed it from a sleepy Southern 
bank into a coast-to-coast financial-services giant. 
Golden West, based in Oakland, California, is the second-largest savings and loan in the U.S. behind Washington 
Mutual Inc., for decades steered by co-chief executive officers, husband-and-wife team Herb and Marion Sandler, 
now in their 70s. The deal marks Wachovia's largest acquisition by far, and is the eighth-largest banking deal in 
U.S. history, according to SNL Financial. With roots that extend back to 1912, Golden West has amassed total 
assets of about $127 billion, roughly one-quarter the size of Wachovia's $542 billion. Based on market values as 
of Friday, the combined company would have a total market capitalization of about $118 billion. Wachovia 
currently ranks fifth in the U.S. and 12th globally in market capitalization. 
In 4 p.m. composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange, Wachovia was up $1.01 to $59.39, while 
Golden West was up $1.82 to $70.51. Midday yesterday Wachovia was down 5.8% at $56.01; Golden West was 
up 7.6% at $75.90. 
The long-running boom in the nation's real-estate market has led to an impressive run of profitability at mortgage 
lenders like Golden West, whose shares were trading Friday near their high. But with recent signs of some 
softening in real estate, Wachovia investors are sure to be asking whether the sale is a sign that the Sandlers 
view the market as having topped out. While Golden West has a conservative track record for underwriting loans, 
increased competition could raise the risk that loans the company has provided will sour, leaving Wachovia to 
deal with the losses. 
If approved by shareholders and regulators, the combination of the two financial companies would establish 
banking pillars on both coasts of the U.S., as well as offices the two companies have in between in states such as 
Texas. Golden West will add about 10,000 employees to Wachovia's current employment level of about 97,000. 
Wachovia said it plans to cut less than 1% of the expense base of the combined companies, but added that no 
employees who deal directly with customers are likely to lose their jobs. The deal is expected to close in this 
year's fourth quarter. 
Buying Golden West will let Wachovia extend its brand name across 285 branches in 10 states, where Golden 
West flies the World Savings Bank banner. The deal will make Wachovia the sixth-largest deposit-taker in 
California, the most-populous U.S. state, though its market share of about 5% would trail far behind those of Bank 
of America Corp., Washington Mutual Inc. and Wells Fargo & Co., based on the latest Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corp. data. Wachovia said the deal would add to per-share profit, excluding expenses and amortization triggered 
by the acquisition, by the end of the second year after the purchase.

Page 13 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Golden West's primary appeal is its clout in adjustable-rate mortgages, or ARMs, on residential properties, 
generated through offices in 39 U.S. states where Golden West drums up business from local real-estate agents, 
mortgage brokers and directly from consumers. Wachovia Chairman and CEO G. Kennedy Thompson has been 
pushing hard over the past year to beef up the bank's consumer-lending operation, complaining that its offerings 
have been weak. 
Wachovia's March takeover of Westcorp Inc. for $3.9 billion gave the bank a handful of branches in California. 
Last September the company bought San Diego lender AmNet Mortgage Inc. for $83 million, gaining that 
company's nationwide distribution network and relationships with mortgage brokers. 
Merrill Lynch & Co., Wachovia Securities and Sullivan & Cromwell represented Wachovia. Lehman Brothers 
Holdings Inc. and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz represented Golden West. 
--- 
Ann Carrns contributed to this article. 
Document AWSJ000020060508e25900006

Page 14 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Wachovia Strikes $26 Billion Deal For Golden West --- California S&L Will Give Acquisitive Giant Big Slice Of Mortgage-Loan Business 
Wachovia Strikes $26 Billion Deal For Golden West --- California S&L Will Give Acquisitive Giant Big Slice 
Of Mortgage-Loan Business 
By Dennis K. Berman, Carrick Mollenkamp and Valerie Bauerlein 
1,617 words 
8 May 2006 
The Wall Street Journal 
J
A1 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2006, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
Wachovia Corp. struck a roughly $26 billion stock-and-cash deal to buy Golden West Financial Corp., making a 
big gamble on the volatile mortgage business as it extends its ambition to become a true national bank. 
Wachovia agreed to pay 1.051 shares of its stock, valued at $62.42 based on Friday's closing prices, plus $18.65 
in cash for each share of Golden West. The price represents a roughly 15% premium to Golden West's current 
market value. The deal was unveiled late last night, following final negotiations complicated by the fact that 
Wachovia executives were hosting a PGA golf tournament, the Wachovia Championship, in the bank's hometown 
of Charlotte, N.C. 
The deal furthers the rapid consolidation of the banking industry into a small number of national players, 
complemented by a coterie of small regional and community banks. Wachovia has been the most voracious of all, 
forging about 140 takeovers and mergers -- large and small -- that have transformed it from a sleepy Southern 
bank into a coast-to-coast financial-services giant. 
Golden West, based in Oakland, Calif., is the nation's second-largest savings and loan, for decades steered by 
co-chief executive officers, husband-and-wife team Herb and Marion Sandler, now in their 70s. The deal marks 
Wachovia's largest acquisition by far, and is the eighth-largest banking deal in U.S. history, according to SNL 
Financial. With roots that extend back to 1912, Golden West has amassed total assets of about $127 billion, 
roughly one-quarter the size of Wachovia's $542 billion. Based on market values as of Friday, the combined 
company would have a total market capitalization of about $118 billion. Wachovia currently ranks fifth in the U.S. 
and 12th globally in market capitalization. 
In 4 p.m. composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange, Wachovia was up $1.01 to $59.39, while 
Golden West was up $1.82 to $70.51. 
The long-running boom in the nation's real-estate market has led to an impressive run of profitability at mortgage 
lenders like Golden West, whose shares were trading Friday near their all-time high. But with recent signs of 
some softening in real estate, Wachovia investors are sure to be asking whether the sale is a sign that the 
Sandlers view the market as having topped out. While Golden West has a conservative track record for 
underwriting loans, increased competition could raise the risk that loans the company has provided will sour, 
leaving Wachovia to deal with the losses. 
If approved by shareholders and regulators, the combination of the two financial companies would establish 
banking pillars on both coasts of the U.S., as well as offices the two companies have in between in states such as 
Texas. Golden West will add about 10,000 employees to Wachovia's current employment level of about 97,000. 
Wachovia said it plans to cut less than 1% of the expense base of the combined companies, but added that no 
employees who deal directly with customers are likely to lose their jobs. The deal is expected to close in this 
year's fourth quarter. 
Buying Golden West will let Wachovia extend its brand name across 285 branches in 10 states, where Golden 
West currently flies the World Savings Bank banner. The deal will make Wachovia the sixth-largest deposit-taker 
in California, the most-populous U.S. state, though its market share of about 5% would trail far behind those of 
Bank of America Corp., Washington Mutual Inc. and Wells Fargo &Co., based on the latest Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corp. data. Wachovia said the deal would add to its per-share profit, excluding expenses and 
amortization triggered by the acquisition, by the end of the second year after the purchase.

Page 15 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Golden West's primary appeal is its clout in adjustable-rate mortgages, or ARMs, on residential properties, 
generated through offices in 39 U.S. states where Golden West drums up business from local real-estate agents, 
mortgage brokers and directly from consumers. Wachovia Chairman and CEO G. Kennedy Thompson has been 
pushing hard over the past year to beef up the bank's consumer-lending operation, complaining that its offerings 
have been weak. 
The lending business has been good to Golden West, last year resulting in net profit margins of 44% on revenue 
of $3.4 billion. Investors have flocked to the company, pushing Golden West shares up 10% over the past year, 
and by more than three-and-a-half-fold since 2000. On Friday, the company's shares traded at about 14.4 times 
current earnings, according to data compiled by CapitalIQ. That placed it slightly above the average for U.S. 
thrifts, which trade at 14.1 times, and above rivals Washington Mutual (12.3 times) and Countrywide Financial 
Corp. (10.1 times). 
Nearly all of Golden West's loans are ARMs, most carrying interest rates that change monthly. Its most popular 
product is the option ARM, which lets customers choose how much to pay each month, with unpaid interest 
added onto the mortgage and increasing the loan's balance. While such loans have been controversial among 
investors, Golden West has said it is sufficiently insulated from risk because of its 25 years of experience with its 
version of the option ARM. 
Golden West says it favors loans on moderately priced houses because they tend to retain their value better than 
more-expensive property when the housing market weakens. That formula has worked so far: Golden West's ratio 
of charge-offs to total loans has been zero for eight consecutive years. 
Much of Golden West's steady growth even during real-estate slumps can be traced to Mr. and Mrs. Sandler, who 
took over the company in 1963. Mrs. Sandler had been one of the first female stock-market analysts, covering the 
savings-and-loan industry, while her husband was a lawyer for S&Ls. After moving to California, they agreed to 
split the CEO duties, with Mrs. Sandler focusing on customer service and Mr. Sandler on administration. 
Together, the Sandlers control or have the right to acquire 31 million Golden West shares valued at $2.19 billion. 
As of March, Mr. Sandler was 74 years old and Mrs. Sandler was 75, according to a securities filing. 
It wasn't immediately clear how much the Sandlers could walk away with as part of the deal. According to 
securities filings, Golden West adopted a new stock-incentive plan for officers and employees as of last year, 
under which vesting and exercise of stock options may accelerate upon a change in control. The Sandlers each 
had unexercised options valued at more than $29 million as of Dec. 31. 
Wachovia's Mr. Thompson has built a reputation as one of banking's most-acquisitive chieftains, and he has 
made no secret of his ambition to push Wachovia to ever greater national prominence. Nevertheless, the price 
that Mr. Thompson has agreed to pay for Golden West will likely spark comparisons to his predecessor, Edward 
E. Crutchfield Jr., known as "Fast Eddie" for the buying spree he orchestrated when he ran the bank from the 
1970s to the late 1990s. Many of the acquisitions were poorly handled, and customers fled in large numbers. In 
the 1990s, the bank repeatedly reduced earnings estimates, angering investors and losing their confidence. 
When Mr. Crutchfield was stricken with cancer, he turned over the bank, then called First Union Corp., to his 
hand-picked protege, Mr. Thompson. The successor then took careful steps to win back investors, such as 
shutting down Money Store Inc., a lender to people with poor credit histories that Wachovia had purchased in 
1998. 
In 2001, Mr. Thompson returned to the acquisition trail in a big way when First Union acquired the former 
Wachovia Corp. for $14 billion. Mr. Thompson soothed investor concern when he and his integration team, 
operating from a war room, combined the big banks while avoiding major customer disruptions. Mr. Thompson 
continued the deals in 2003 when Wachovia agreed to combine its brokerage force with Prudential Financial Inc., 
creating a venture called Wachovia Securities. The next year, Wachovia announced a $13.7 billion acquisition of 
SouthTrust Corp. of Alabama in a deal that led some investors and analysts to question whether Wachovia paid 
too much. 
Wachovia's March takeover of Westcorp Inc. for $3.9 billion gave the bank a handful of branches in California. 
Last September, the company bought San Diego lender AmNet Mortgage Inc. for $83 million, gaining that 
company's nationwide distribution network and relationships with mortgage brokers. Mr. Thompson has said 
Wachovia needs to be able to offer essentially every type of loan sought by bank customers. 
Wachovia has taken a hard look at most major financial-services companies sold in the past year. Wachovia 
considered buying credit-card giant MBNA Corp. last year but balked at the price. Bank of America, Wachovia's 
hometown rival, ultimately bought MBNA for $34 billion. Wachovia also had talks with North Fork Bancorp, which

Page 16 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
was bought by Capital One Financial Corp. in March for $14.6 billion, and considered buying the Bank of New 
York branches bought last month for $3 billion by J.P. Morgan Chase &Co. 
Merrill Lynch, Wachovia Securities and Sullivan &Cromwell represented Wachovia. Lehman Brothers and 
Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen &Katz represented Golden West. 
--- 
Ann Carrns contributed to this article. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document J000000020060508e2580002e

Page 17 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Powder Dry, But Targets Are Unclear 
National 
Powder Dry, But Targets Are Unclear 
By Paul Davis 
1,007 words 
17 March 2006 
American Banker 
AMB 
1
Vol. 171, No. 52 
English 
(c) 2006 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. 
WASHINGTON -- Last year analysts saw Wachovia Corp. as a possible suitor for both Capital One Financial 
Corp. and North Fork Bancorp. 
With those supposed targets announcing a $14.6 million deal with each other this week, speculation on 
Wachovia's next acquisition has resumed. 
Wall Street is divided over where the Charlotte company might look, but they mostly agree on one thing: G. 
Kennedy Thompson, its chairman, chief executive, and president, has the patience to wait for the right 
transaction and the capital to make it count. 
Some analysts said that Mr. Thompson will be keeping a close eye on Capital One's integration of North Fork, of 
Melville, N.Y. 
"Maybe the end game [for Capital One] is to get the whole thing humming and then hit a bid from Wachovia a 
couple of years down the road," Anton Schutz, the portfolio manager of the Burnham Financial Services Fund, 
said in an interview this week. 
Some observers say the fact that Capital One is acquiring North Fork could make things doubly interesting for 
Wachovia, since North Fork has the third-largest branch network in the New York region, where Wachovia is 
building branches. 
Mr. Thompson has always sounded cautious when discussing deals, and his company is rebuilding its card unit. 
During a Jan. 19 conference call to discuss fourth-quarter earnings, he reiterated his stance on mergers and 
acquisitions: "We're in a consolidating industry, and we look at opportunities, but we only do them when they 
meet our return requirements." 
Wachovia's "acquisition criteria is the same as it's been for a long time, and that is we want a minimum 15% rate 
of return," he said. 
The $521 billion-asset company reportedly had looked at MBNA Corp.'s books last summer but passed on the 
price. Bank of America Corp. bought the Wilmington, Del., card company in January for $34 billion. 
After B of A and MBNA announced their deal in June, analysts started speculating about Capital One as a 
possible target for Wachovia, citing the deal Capital One had announced last March for Hibernia Corp. as an 
added bonus. (That deal closed in November.) 
Nancy Bush of NAB Research LLC is one analyst who said Capital One is no longer on Wachovia's radar or a 
willing target for anyone else. In a note to clients a day after the Capital One-North Fork deal was announced 
March 12, she said the card issuer was making it clear that it "is in no mood to be bought," and that investors 
should "give up" on any near-term prospects of Wachovia pursuing such an acquisition. 
Ms. Bush and others said Mr. Thompson will stick to his M&A criteria, which he has spelled out repeatedly in 
recent months as competitors bought companies such as MBNA. 
This week a Wachovia spokeswoman said the strategy was unchanged.

Page 18 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
In an interview, Ms. Bush said she believes Wachovia could make acquisitions to expand in southern California, 
where it bought the $17 billion-asset Westcorp this month. 
Benjamin P. Jenkins 3d, Wachovia's vice chairman and the head of its retail and business banking unit, said this 
month that it could build up to 200 branches in southern California over the next five years. 
According to Ms. Bush, one target could be UnionBanCal Corp. in San Francisco, which is majority owned by 
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc. 
"The argument against it has been that the Japanese owner needed the capital, but the banking system in Japan 
is recovering pretty handily, so it may be more of a scenario now," Ms. Bush said. Mr. Thompson is familiar with 
the $36 billion-asset UnionBanCal, having acquired its correspondent-banking business last fall. 
A spokeswoman for UnionBanCal would not discuss the speculation. One industry source has said that Wachovia 
might temper its ambition for acquisitions around New York now that North Fork is off the table, and most of the 
targets left are thrifts. Instead, the source said, Mr. Thompson might try to introduce the Wachovia brand in the 
Midwest. 
Ms. Bush disagreed with the notion that Wachovia would scout acquisitions in the Midwest, where she said 
growth is slower than in other regions. Richard X. Bove, an analyst at Punk, Ziegel & Co., said Wachovia would 
avoid acquisitions in the Northeast and the Midwest, but "would love to do a deal in California." 
But he sees Wachovia competing with UnionBanCal, along with U.S. Bancorp of Minneapolis and Wells Fargo & 
Co. of San Francisco, for any banking company that might be on the block. 
Robert Patten at Regions Financial Corp.'s Morgan Keegan & Co. Inc. offered another viewpoint. He said that Mr. 
Thompson would return to the region where he made his last big-bank deal, for SouthTrust Corp. of Birmingham, 
Ala., in November 2004. 
"I think he'll stay in the Southeast," Mr. Patten said. Though the best target would be the $180 billion-asset 
SunTrust Banks Inc. of Atlanta, the bitter 2001 fight between SunTrust and First Union Corp. over the old 
Wachovia could impede such a pairing, he said. 
Mr. Patten suggested the $31 billion-asset Compass Bancshares Inc. of Birmingham as a possible target. 
Its branch network in Arizona and New Mexico would be the perfect connector for Wachovia's operations in Texas 
and California, he said. 
"Compass is definitely on the wish list, but the problem has been that Compass doesn't appear interested in 
selling," he said. 
A Compass spokesman would not discuss the speculation. 
But Mr. Patten agreed with the broad consensus that Wachovia is likely "saving its gunpowder for later in the 
year." The consensus is based on Mr. Thompson's stated belief that issues with the yield curve, credit quality, 
and regulatory costs will force targets to sell at a lower price. 
Todd Davenport contributed to this article. 
(c) 2006 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. http://www.americanbanker.com 
http://www.sourcemedia.com 
photo,Thompson 
Document AMB0000020060317e23h00004

Page 19 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Retail-Focused Wachovia Exits Corporate Trust 
News 
Retail-Focused Wachovia Exits Corporate Trust 
By Paul Davis 
836 words 
30 November 2005 
American Banker 
AMB 
1
Vol. 170, No. 228 
English 
(c) 2005 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Wachovia Corp.'s decision to sell its corporate trust and institutional custody businesses to U.S. Bancorp further 
highlights the Charlotte company's desire to refocus on its consumer businesses, according to analysts. 
U.S. Bancorp agreed to acquire the trust and custody operations from Wachovia for $720 million. The deal, 
announced Tuesday, is set to close next month. The Minneapolis company could pay up to $80 million more on a 
pretax basis; the additional amount would be based on business-retention levels over the 12 months after the 
deal closes. 
David Carroll, the president of Wachovia's capital management group, which houses its corporate trust portfolio, 
said in a press release that the company is divesting the unit to focus more on his group's three core businesses: 
retail brokerage, asset management, and retirement services. 
A spokesman for Wachovia said Mr. Carroll was unavailable for additional comment. However, Robert Kelly, its 
chief financial officer, said this month that it is particularly interested in boosting consumer-focused businesses, 
such as mortgages and cards, "so that we continue to make our customers stickier and improve the revenue per 
customer and the revenue per store." 
Analysts said it makes sense to divest the corporate trust business, which generates only 1% of Wachovia's 
annual revenue. They said Wachovia lacked the scale in that particular business to cover significant expenses 
that would have been required for things such as technology upgrades. 
While Wachovia and others have been looking to divest their corporate trust operations, the $206 billion-asset 
U.S. Bancorp has been an active acquirer. It bought State Street Corp.'s corporate trust portfolio in 2002 for $725 
million and National City Corp.'s corporate trust administration business this year. 
U.S. Bancorp said in supplemental materials issued Tuesday that buying Wachovia's businesses would boost its 
assets under administration by 31.5%, to $1.71 trillion, and more than triple its assets under custody, to $940 
billion. U.S. Bancorp also expects the acquisition to raise annual revenue by $175 million and deposits by $1.3 
billion. 
Analysts say the sale would let Wachovia increase its emphasis on cross-selling within its consumer base -- 
something it has worked hard to do in recent years. 
Under chairman, president, and chief executive G. Kennedy Thompson, Wachovia has invested significantly in 
customer service programs, starting with a $100 million initiative it unveiled in 2000. This year his company 
topped the University of Michigan's customer satisfaction index for the fourth straight year. 
Gary Tenner, an analyst at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey in Atlanta, said Wachovia is "being selective about the 
businesses that they want to be in" while looking for higher-growth opportunities. 
Wachovia has also looked to expand the services it offers retail customers, in some cases by reversing exit 
strategies. 
This month it said it would reenter the credit card business as a direct issuer, and it has been rebuilding its 
mortgage servicing business. Wachovia sold those two businesses soon after Mr. Thompson took the helm.

Page 20 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
This summer it agreed to acquire Westcorp of Irvine, Calif., and the auto finance company WFS Financial Inc., 
which is 84% owned by Westcorp. 
Mr. Kelly spent a large portion of his presentation this month at a conference hosted by Merrill Lynch & Co. 
touting the "great growth opportunities" with those three businesses. He said that Wachovia could post very good 
growth, particularly in cards and mortgages, if it successfully marketed those products to its 11 million household 
customer base. 
Analysts said Wachovia also had de-emphasized its corporate trust business. In April it moved its institutional 
retirement business out of the corporate and institutional trust group to a newly created retirement and investment 
products group. 
Jon Balkind, an analyst at Swiss Reinsurance Co.'s Fox-Pitt, Kelton Inc., said Wachovia probably has spent "a 
number of years" considering whether to stay in the corporate trust business. 
Wachovia said it expects to post a fourth-quarter pretax gain of $425 million to $450 million from the sale, along 
with a $205 million reduction in goodwill and other intangibles. It said it expects the sale to "be relatively neutral" 
to next year's earnings. That forecast led analysts to predict Wachovia will quickly look to redeploy its proceeds 
from the sale. 
"They are looking very hard at where it makes the most sense to place their capital," said Kevin Fitzsimmons, an 
analyst at Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP. He said the funds could be used to repurchase shares, restructure debt 
or securities on its balance sheet, or make additional investments in its consumer operations. Mr. Tenner said 
some of the funds could be used to buy portfolios in areas such as mortgages or credit cards, or to acquire 
banking companies. He said the sale also would let Wachovia focus more on its retail brokerage operations. 
(c) 2005 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. http://www.americanbanker.com 
http://www.sourcemedia.com 
Document AMB0000020051130e1bu00002

Page 21 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
WSJ UPDATE: Wachovia's Net Up On Fee Income, Acquisitions 
WSJ UPDATE: Wachovia's Net Up On Fee Income, Acquisitions 
762 words 
17 October 2005 
12:48 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(c) 2005 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
By Valerie Bauerlein 
Of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL 
ATLANTA (Dow Jones)--Wachovia Corp. (WB), the fifth-largest U.S. bank by stock-market value, reported a 32% 
surge in third-quarter profit, driven by fee income and acquisitions but tempered by continued pressure on the 
bank's net-interest margin. 
Wachovia said its net income rose to $1.67 billion, or $1.06 a share, from $1.26 billion, or 96 cents a share, a 
year earlier. Revenue climbed 19% to $6.7 billion but would have grown only 8% without last November's 
takeover of SouthTrust Corp. for $13.7 billion. 
"The bottom line for us is that we're experiencing excellent revenue growth and we're experiencing it in all our 
lines of business," said G. Kennedy Thompson, chairman and chief executive of the Charlotte bank, in a 
conference call with analysts. 
(This story and related background material will be available on The Wall Street Journal Web site, WSJ.com.) 
Wachovia took an after-tax merger-related expense of $51 million, or 3 cents a share. Excluding that charge, the 
bank's earnings slightly surpassed the average estimate of $1.07 a share from analysts surveyed by Thomson 
First Call. 
Wachovia, like other banks, continues to grapple with a flattening yield curve, which hampers banks' ability to 
make money by loaning funds at higher, long-term rates and paying out interest on deposits at lower, short-term 
rates. Wachovia's net-interest income grew 14%, but would have been flat without SouthTrust. Its net-interest 
margin continued to narrow to 3.2% from 3.36% a year earlier. 
The pressure was offset in part by loan and deposit growth, particularly in former SouthTrust branches, where 
loan growth had been comparatively slow, and in new branches in the Northeast and Texas. Consumer loans 
grew by 34%, and commercial loans by 37%, compared with the year-earlier quarter. Deposits rose 20% to $281 
billion. 
Fee and other income grew 25%, reflecting service charges, overdraft fees and higher brokerage and insurance 
commission charges. 
"Banks are learning to live with the flatter yield curve," said Nancy Bush, a bank analyst with NAB Research LLC 
in Annandale, N.J. "It doesn't mean it's a good thing, it doesn't mean they like it, they're just learning to live 
through it." 
Analyst Denis Laplante of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Inc. described the quarter as "pretty solid," but said 
Wachovia's earnings also relied on a slightly lower tax rate and strength in trading. These types of results tend to 
fluctuate from quarter to quarter and are controversial with some analysts and investors. 
The bank's provision for credit losses, its estimate of loans that will go sour, rose to $82 million from $43 million. 
However, the allowance for loan losses as a percentage of loans fell to 1.13% from 1.33% in the year-earlier 
period, a reflection of continued strong credit quality, even by consumers, who some analysts contend are too 
deeply in debt.

Page 22 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"We see no signs currently of credit deterioration on the horizon," Thompson said. 
Wachovia expects to complete the integration of SouthTrust this month. So far the bank has eliminated 3,900 
positions out of a target of 4,300 positions and consolidated 161 branches out of a target of about 175. Wachovia 
has 93,000 employees and 3,840 branches overall. 
Acquisitions continue to be an important part of Wachovia's growth strategy. The bank made three relatively small 
acquisitions in the quarter, led by last month's agreement to acquire Westcorp Inc. (WES) for about $3.91 billion 
in a deal aimed at boosting the bank's heft in the auto-finance business while giving Wachovia its first branches in 
California. 
Wachovia has leaned toward smaller deals that would fill in geographic gaps or add niche businesses, such as 
consumer finance. Thompson maintains that Wachovia won't make any acquisitions that don't help per-share 
profit by the end of the second year. 
Bob Kelly, chief financial officer, said in an interview that he hoped investors saw the acquisitions as an indication 
of the bank's strategy and discipline. Although acquisitions dominated an hour-long analyst call after 
second-quarter results were released in July, no questions were asked about acquisitions Monday. 
Wachovia shares fell 55 cents, or 1.1%, to $47.30 in recent New York Stock Exchange composite trading. 
-By Valerie Bauerlein, The Wall Street Journal; (404) 865-4324 [ 10-17-05 1248ET ] 
Document DJ00000020051017e1ah000bq

Page 23 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Art of the (Small) Deal; Wachovia's eclectic, 'disciplined' approach 
Markets 
Art of the (Small) Deal; Wachovia's eclectic, 'disciplined' approach 
By Matthias Rieker 
773 words 
23 September 2005 
American Banker 
AMB 
1
Vol. 170, No. 184 
English 
(c) 2005 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. 
With three deals in one month, Wachovia Corp.'s emerging acquisition motto seems to be: small, contrarian, and 
cheap. 
On Thursday the Charlotte company said it would buy UnionBanCal Corp.'s correspondent banking business for 
$245 million, and customer attrition could lower the price. 
Last week Wachovia announced plans to dive deeper into auto finance with a $3.9 billion deal for Westcorp and 
WFS Financial Inc., and it unveiled an $83 million deal for the wholesale mortgage originator AmNet Mortgage 
Inc. 
Expanding simultaneously in wholesale mortgages when the mortgage business is slowing, in auto lending when 
many bankers still want to exit that business, and in correspondent banking shows Wachovia's willingness to look 
for deals that are well below many acquirers' radar. 
It followed a similar strategy in 2003 when it entered a joint venture with Prudential Financial Inc.'s brokerage 
business. 
"There is a very disciplined, scientific method to these acquisitions," said Kevin Fitzsimmons of Sandler O'Neill & 
Partners LP. 
Analysts said it was interesting that Wachovia made deals with three companies in California -- a state Wachovia 
has said it finds attractive -- but the deals, by and large, are not for California businesses. 
Only Westcorp would give Wachovia branches there. The auto and mortgage businesses are national, and most 
of UnionBanCal's correspondent banking customers are in Asia, but still "there is a thread," Mr. Fitzsimmons said. 
Jennifer Thompson, an analyst with Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., said the fact that all three sellers are from California 
may show only that there are more willing sellers there than there are elsewhere. 
She viewed Wachovia's relatively long press release on the small deal with UnionBanCal as a signal to investors 
that they can expect this kind of acquisition from the company. "The release conveys that they don't do stupid 
deals," she said. "It makes ... [the recent deals] a pattern." 
Analysts said Thursday's deal would give Wachovia a high-return, low-risk fee business at an attractive price. And 
the string of smallish deals is convincing at least some observers that Wachovia is content to expand 
incrementally. 
The UnionBanCal deal "gives me comfort that the big, ugly, dilutive bank deal is not happening," Mr. Fitzsimmons 
said. 
Some on Wall Street remain convinced that Wachovia is looking for a large deal to counter the recent 
transformational ones by Bank of America Corp. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
Denis Laplante, a Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Inc. analyst, says a large deal by Wachovia is certainly possible. "I 
don't think there is any linkage" among the three deals, he said in an interview Thursday. "The fact that they have 
done three small deals may not guarantee anything about what they do next."

Page 24 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
In fact, G. Kennedy Thompson, Wachovia's chairman, president, and chief executive, has not ruled out larger 
deals. He told investors during a recent conference call sponsored by Prudential Equity Group that he would be 
open even to a merger of equals. 
Michael Heavener, the head of Wachovia's international business, said in an interview that UnionBanCal, which is 
majority owned by Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group Inc., approached Wachovia a while ago about a sale after 
struggling for growth in the correspondent business. 
Correspondent banking is a scale business, he said, and the deal would complement Wachovia's existing 
business in Asia by adding offices and customers in Hanoi, New Delhi, and Chennai, India. 
In October, UnionBanCal entered a regulatory agreement with federal regulators related to anti-laundering 
compliance in the correspondent banking business. It since shut its correspondent business in Russia and other 
Eastern European countries. A spokesman for UnionBanCal said that the review of transactions would continue 
after the deal with Wachovia closes. 
Wachovia's Mr. Heavener said, "Our own compliance folks are working very hard to ensure that the book of 
business we bring into Wachovia meets all of our compliance guidelines." 
In a press release, UnionBanCal vice chairman and chief operating officer Philip B. Glynn said it would use the 
sale's proceeds for "other growth opportunities." 
Todd Hagerman, an analyst of Swiss Reinsurance Co.'s Fox-Pitt, Kelton Inc., said UnionBanCal is more likely to 
use the money for share buybacks than for acquisitions. "Over the last two years they put together a strategy to 
focus on their domestic business," he said. "We see more companies taking a closer look at non-core 
businesses, in light of the regulatory environment." 
(c) 2005 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. http://www.americanbanker.com 
http://www.sourcemedia.com 
photo, Heavener 
Document AMB0000020050923e19n00004

Page 25 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Wachovia Plans to Buy Auto Lender 
Business/Financial Desk; SECTC 
Wachovia Plans to Buy Auto Lender 
By JULIE CRESWELL 
670 words 
13 September 2005 
The New York Times 
NYTF 
Late Edition - Final 
5
English 
Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company. All Rights Reserved. 
Moving to expand its presence in automobile financing, the Wachovia Corporation, the nation's fourth-largest 
bank, agreed yesterday to acquire the financial-services holding company Westcorp and its majority-owned 
auto-finance group, WFS Financial, in a stock deal valued at $3.91 billion. 
The deal, which had been rumored for weeks and will make Wachovia the ninth-largest auto lender in the country, 
is the latest in a string of purchases by banks in the auto-finance industry after downgrades this spring in the debt 
ratings of the General Motors Corporation and the Ford Motor Corporation. 
The downgrades raised the costs of borrowing for the car makers' finance arms, which have typically offered 
low-interest loans that banks were hard pressed to match. 
''The change in funding costs at G.M. and Ford has caused consumer-oriented banks to re-examine auto lending 
and to view it as potentially more attractive than they did in the past,'' said David Hilder, a bank analyst with Bear 
Stearns. While G.M. and Ford are still major lenders, Mr. Hilder said, their dominance may diminish as loan rates 
become more competitive. 
This spring, Bank of America acquired KeyCorp's $990 million prime portfolio of indirect automobile loans and, in 
July, it announced plans to buy up to $55 billion of auto loans from G.M.'s finance arm, the General Motors 
Acceptance Corporation, over the next five years. 
In yesterday's deal, Wachovia said it was acquiring Westcorp, which is based in Irvine, Calif., and WFS for $3.42 
billion in stock. Wachovia, based in Charlotte, N.C., will pay $490 million in stock for the 16 percent of the publicly 
traded WFS that Westcorp does not own. The deal is expected to close in early 2006. 
Last year, Westcorp's founder and chief executive, Ernest S. Rady, who owns about 53 percent of Westcorp, 
announced a restructuring in which the finance company would buy back the 16 percent of WFS that it did not 
own and fold the entire WFS Financial entity into its retail banking arm, Western Financial Bank. But the 
conversion of Western Financial Bank into a California state commercial bank was taking ''longer than expected,'' 
Westcorp said in a statement last month. So it began exploring other options. 
Investors have been closely watching Wachovia to see if it would make a big acquisition to keep up with its 
crosstown rival in Charlotte, Bank of America. Two years ago, Wachovia considered buying FleetBoston, but 
balked at the price; Bank of America later stepped in and bought it. 
In a repeat this summer, Wachovia walked away from talks with the credit card giant MBNA only to have Bank of 
America swoop in and buy the firm, becoming the nation's largest issuer of credit cards. 
''Westcorp is a neat little company, and Wachovia bought it for a perfectly acceptable price, but it doesn't get 
them anywhere,'' said Meredith Whitney, an analyst at CIBC World Markets. ''Wachovia's problem is that it's been 
boxed out of so many other big deals by Bank of America that it needs to do a major deal in order to keep up. 
This doesn't do it.'' 
While some analysts and investors say they think Wachovia has grown gun-shy on big deals, others give the 
chief executive, G. Kennedy Thompson, credit for restraint in not overpaying for acquisitions. Based on Friday's

Page 26 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
closing price for Westcorp's shares, Wachovia is paying a 5 percent premium. (It is paying about a 14 percent 
premium for WFS shares.) 
Mr. Thompson has said repeatedly that the bank would only do deals that produced an internal rate of return of at 
least 15 percent and that would add to earnings on a cash basis by the end of the second year. Wachovia said 
the Westcorp and WFS acquisitions met both criteria. 
Wachovia's stock fell 1.6 percent yesterday, to $49.57. 
Document NYTF000020050913e19d00013

Page 27 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
3rd UPDATE: Wachovia To Buy Westcorp In $3.91B Deal 
3rd UPDATE: Wachovia To Buy Westcorp In $3.91B Deal 
1,187 words 
12 September 2005 
14:53 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(c) 2005 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
(Adds details and analyst comments in paragraphs 3-6, 9-12 and 18.) 
By David Enrich 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Expanding its presence in the auto-finance market, Wachovia Corp. (WB) is buying 
Westcorp Inc. (WES) in a $3.91 billion deal that will help Wachovia diversify at a time when traditional banking 
businesses are under pressure. 
Through the acquisition of Irvine, Calif., Westcorp, and its WFS Financial Inc. (WFSI) subsidiary, Wachovia will 
gain about 8,500 automobile-dealer clients, about 920,000 new customers nationwide and 19 retail banking 
offices in southern California - marking the Charlotte bank's first foray west of Texas. The deal will make 
Wachovia the country's ninth-largest originator of auto loans. 
The all-stock transaction is the latest sign that Wachovia and other retail banks are actively trying to beef up their 
presences in auto lending. The industry is the second-largest U.S. consumer finance sector, behind home loans, 
with more than $500 billion in loans and leases originated last year. 
Banks' increasing attention to the sector comes as problems weigh down General Motors Corp. (GM) and Ford 
Motor Co. (F). By offering customers low-cost loans, the automakers' so-called captive finance arms have 
become the industry's leading lenders, together claiming about 60% of the U.S. market. But GM and Ford are 
now preoccupied with resuscitating their ailing sales, and their finance arms have scaled back on their use of 
cheap loans. 
That has left financial-services companies like Wachovia sensing a golden opportunity to regain some market 
share. 
"We see this landscape (with the captives controlling the market) changing pretty significantly," Ben Jenkins, 
president of Wachovia's general bank, said on a conference call Monday. "We believe the current environment 
presents us with a particularly attractive opportunity to take share in this consumer loan market." 
The auto-finance market appeals to banks in large part because it's so lucrative. Lenders can charge relatively 
high interest rates, and borrowers rarely default, because they depend on their cars and therefore can't afford to 
risk a foreclosure. 
Meanwhile, as the gap between short- and long-term interest rates narorows, damping traditional bank profit 
margins, it's becoming more valuable for lenders to branch off into alternative business lines like auto finance. 
But the auto-lending business isn't risk-free. Wachovia is expanding in the sector "at a time when investors are 
increasingly concerned about the health of the consumer," said Kevin Fitzsimmons, an analyst with Sandler 
O'Neill & Partners. Sagging auto sales could erode the value of Westcorp's lending business. 
Wachovia isn't the only company hoping to pick up some of the slack left by the automakers' captive subsidiaries. 
Bank of America Corp. (BAC) has bought auto-loan portfolios from other companies, including $55 billion of loans 
and leases from GM's finance arm. And Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) executives have said they're already 
seeing benefits from less aggressive lending activities by the captives.

Page 28 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Under the Westcorp deal, which is expected to close in the first quarter of 2006, Wachovia will relocate its dealer 
financial services unit from North Carolina to California, where it will be run by WFS Financial Chief Executive 
Thomas Wolfe. 
Wachovia is offering about 1.27 shares for each Westcorp share, for a total of $3.42 billion. It's also acquiring the 
16% of WFS Financial that isn't already owned by Westcorp, offering 1.47 Wachovia shares for each WFS 
Financial share, for a total of $490 million. Based on the companies' closing stock prices Friday, the deal 
represents a roughly 5% premium to Westcorp investors, although the company's stock surged last month after 
rumors surfaced of a coming deal. 
On Monday, Westcorp stock climbed 9 cents to $61.44. Shares of WFS Financial shot up $5.09, or 7.8%, to 
$70.01. Wachovia shares dropped 87 cents, or 1.7%, to $49.51. 
Wachovia said it expects the transaction to produce an internal rate of return of more than 15%, and to add to the 
bank's profits in the second year after the deal closes. 
In addition to expanding in the auto-finance business, the deal will give Wachovia some experience operating in 
the fast-growing California market. Westcorp's 19 southern California retail branches represent 2% of the Orange 
County market - far below the 20% share commanded by industry leader Bank of America Corp. (BAC). 
Jenkins said the acquisition would give Wachovia a way to gain insight into "the very attractive California banking 
market" and noted the region's heavy Hispanic concentration - a demographic coveted by Wachovia and other 
banks. 
"It's not unreasonable to expect that at some point and time we'll want to do some building," Jenkins said. 
Fitzsimmons, the Sandler O'Neill analyst, said in a note to clients that Wachovia's entrance into the California 
market is likely to fuel speculation that the bank is looking to acquire or merge with banks with strong presences 
there. That prospect may have spooked investors and contributed to the decline in Wachovia's stock price 
Monday, according to Fitzimmons, who said the purchase is a good move for Wachovia. 
In preparing for the deal and presenting it to the investment community on Monday, Wachovia took pains to 
emphasize that it wasn't rushing into an acquisition. 
Concerns that Wachovia might hastily agree to a costly purchase have dogged the company's stock price. Trying 
to deflate market speculation, Wachovia CEO G. Kennedy Thompson vowed in July "to be very disciplined in 
the acquisition business." 
"I frankly think that I talk too much about acquisitions," he said at the time. "I'm going to talk less about them going 
forward than I have in the past." 
On Monday, Wachovia executives said they spent about 6,400 hours conducting due diligence on the Westcorp 
deal, including paying numerous visits to the company's California headquarters. 
"It was a methodical, well-thought-out process," Jenkins said in an interview. It lasted about six to eight weeks 
and started shortly after Wachovia executives were informed that Westcorp was looking for an acquirer. 
That's an eternity compared to the amount of time that Wachovia's Charlotte-based peer, Bank of America, took 
in June to hammer out its $35 billion acquisition of credit-card issuer MBNA Corp. (KRB). Bank of America 
unveiled the deal after barely a week of talks with MBNA, and the two parties conducted about three days of due 
diligence. Some investors and analysts criticized Bank of America executives for negotiating a huge deal in such 
whirlwind fashion. 
The differences between the two Charlotte banks' negotiating styles aren't lost on Wachovia executives, who had 
been in talks with MBNA but ended up walking away from a possible deal. 
"I think we're more disciplined and I think we're more deliberate than others," Jenkins said. 
-By David Enrich, Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-2123; david.enrich@dowjones.com [ 09-12-05 1453ET ] 
Document DJ00000020050912e19c000bw

Page 29 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
2nd UPDATE: Wachovia To Buy Westcorp In $3.91B Deal 
2nd UPDATE: Wachovia To Buy Westcorp In $3.91B Deal 
1,003 words 
12 September 2005 
12:45 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(c) 2005 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
(ADDS information about due diligence in paragraphs 17-24; UPDATES stock prices 
in 12th paragraph.) 
By David Enrich 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Expanding its presence in the auto-finance market, Wachovia Corp. (WB) is buying 
Westcorp Inc. (WES) in a $3.91 billion deal that will help Wachovia diversify at a time when traditional banking 
businesses are under pressure. 
Through the acquisition of Irvine, Calif., Westcorp, and its WFS Financial Inc. (WFSI) subsidiary, Wachovia will 
gain about 8,500 automobile-dealer clients, about 920,000 new customers nationwide and 19 retail banking 
offices in southern California - marking the Charlotte bank's first foray west of Texas. The deal will make 
Wachovia the country's ninth-largest originator of auto loans. 
The all-stock transaction is the latest sign that Wachovia and other retail banks are actively trying to beef up their 
presences in auto lending - which is the second-largest U.S. consumer finance business, with more than $500 
billion in loans and leases last year. 
Banks' increasing attention to the sector comes as problems weigh down General Motors Corp. (GM) and Ford 
Motor Co. (F). Their struggles are taking a toll on the companies' so-called captive finance arms, which have been 
the dominant providers of auto loans with about 60% of the U.S. market. A number of financial-services 
companies - including Wachovia - have detected a golden opportunity to gain market share. 
"We see this landscape (with the captives dominating the market) changing significantly," Ben Jenkins, president 
of Wachovia's general bank, said on a conference call Monday. 
The apparent pullback by GM and Ford "presents us with a particularly attractive opportunity to take share in this 
consumer market." 
The auto-finance market is attractive to banks in large part because it's so lucrative. Lenders generally can 
charge high interest rates, and borrowers rarely default, because they depend on their cars and therefore can't 
afford to risk a foreclosure. 
And with a flattening yield curve dampening bank profit margins, branching off into alternative business lines like 
auto lending becomes even more valuable. 
Wachovia is hardly the only company hoping to pick up some of the slack left by the auto makers' captive 
subsidiaries. Bank of America Corp. (BAC) has been buying up auto-loan portfolios from other banks. And Capital 
One Financial Corp. (COF) executives this year have said they are already seeing some benefits from less 
aggressive lending activities by the captives. 
Under the Westcorp deal, which is expected to close in the first quarter of 2006, Wachovia will relocate its dealer 
financial services unit from North Carolina to California, where it will be run by WFS Financial Chief Executive 
Thomas Wolfe.

Page 30 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Wachovia is offering about 1.27 shares for each Westcorp share, for a total of $3.42 billion, and 1.47 Wachovia 
shares for each WFS Financial share, or $490 million. Based on the companies' closing stock prices Friday, the 
deal represents a roughly 5% premium to Westcorp investors, although the company's stock surged last month 
after rumors surfaced of a coming deal. 
On Monday, Westcorp stock climbed 25 cents to $61.60. Shares of WFS Financial shot up $5.21, or 8%, to 
$70.13. Wachovia shares dropped 78 cents, or 1.6%, to $49.60. 
Wachovia said it expects the transaction to produce an internal rate of return of more than 15%, and to add to the 
bank's profits in the second year after the deal closes. 
In addition to expanding in the auto-finance business, the deal will give Wachovia some experience operating in 
the fast-growing California market. Westcorp's 19 southern California retail branches represent 2% of the Orange 
County market - far below the 20% share commanded by industry leader Bank of America Corp. (BAC). 
Jenkins said the acquisition would give Wachovia a way to gain insight into "the very attractive California banking 
market" and noted the region's heavy Hispanic concentration - a demographic coveted by Wachovia and other 
banks. 
"It's not unreasonable to expect that at some point and time we'll want to do some building," Jenkins said. 
In preparing for the deal and presenting it to the investment community on Monday, Wachovia took pains to 
emphasize that it wasn't rushing into an acquisition. 
Concerns that Wachovia might hastily agree to a costly purchase have dogged the company's stock price. Trying 
to deflate market speculation, Wachovia CEO G. Kennedy Thompson vowed in July "to be very disciplined in 
the acquisition business." 
"I frankly think that I talk too much about acquisitions," he said at the time. "I'm going to talk less about them going 
forward than I have in the past." 
On Monday, Wachovia executives said they spent about 6,400 hours conducting due diligence on the Westcorp 
deal, including paying numerous visits to the company's California headquarters. 
"It was a methodical, well-thought-out process," Jenkins said in an interview. It lasted about six to eight weeks 
and started shortly after Wachovia executives were informed that Westcorp was looking for an acquirer. 
That's an eternity compared to the amount of time that Wachovia's Charlotte-based peer, Bank of America, took 
in June to hammer out its $35 billion acquisition of credit-card issuer MBNA Corp. (KRB). Bank of America 
unveiled the deal after barely a week of talks with MBNA, and the two parties conducted about three days of due 
diligence. Some investors and analysts lambasted Bank of America executives for negotiating a huge deal in 
such whirlwind fashion. 
The differences between the two Charlotte banks' negotiating styles aren't lost on Wachovia executives, who had 
been in talks with MBNA but ended up walking away from a possible deal. 
"I think we're more disciplined and I think we're more deliberate than others," Jenkins said. 
-By David Enrich, Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-2123; david.enrich@dowjones.com [ 09-12-05 1245ET ] 
Document DJ00000020050912e19c0009k

Page 31 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Wachovia Weighs Bid for Car Lender WFS Financial 
Wachovia Weighs Bid for Car Lender WFS Financial 
By Dennis K. Berman and Valerie Bauerlein 
705 words 
24 August 2005 
The Asian Wall Street Journal 
AWSJ 
M7 
English 
(c) 2005 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. To see the edition in which this article appeared, click here 
The future of WFS Financial Inc. hung in the balance, as the independent U.S. auto-finance company was close 
to finding a buyer, according to people familiar with the matter. 
Wachovia Corp., a big U.S. bank, was among those exploring a deal, according to the people familiar with the 
matter. Another suitor, however, may win the Irvine, California, company, which originates, securitizes and 
services loans through 8,300 auto dealers. A completed deal could come in the next few days, these people say, 
though it is possible a last-minute snag may scuttle a final agreement. 
The market for U.S. autos remains robust overall, with 17 million vehicles a year making it on to the nation's 
roads. The industry's largest credit operations -- General Motors Corp.'s General Motors Acceptance Corp. and 
Ford Motor Co.'s Ford Credit unit -- have remained very profitable despite woes in their parents' automotive units 
and rising costs from their own weakened credit ratings. 
Late yesterday morning on the Nasdaq Stock Market, WFS shares were at $67.49, up $7.61, or nearly 13%, 
giving it a market capitalization of $2.8 billion. As interest rates rise, WFS is perched in a relatively desirable part 
of the business of making car loans: focusing on lending to the "prime" part of the market, meaning car buyers 
who have the lowest credit risk. At the end of 2004, the company was servicing loans valued at a total of $11 
billion in nearly 900,000 customer accounts. 
For the latest four quarters, WFS has reported net income of $193 million on revenue of $559 million and net 
interest income of $653 million. It trades at about 12.6 times earnings, and in the past year its stock has 
outgained a basket of other consumer-finance shares, 31% to 16%. 
A big bank presumably could lower WFS's borrowing costs further and potentially make it more competitive 
against the industry behemoths. But shareholders of any acquirer are sure to scrutinize a deal, especially since a 
buyer likely will have to pay a premium to the current share price, potentially pushing the purchase price to 
around $3 billion. WFS is 84% owned by Westcorp, of Irvine, Calif., which also owns Western Financial Bank, a 
small retail operation. 
Wachovia Chairman and Chief Executive G. Kennedy Thompson has concentrated on cautious growth since 
taking the top job in 2000. Analysts and investors have given the bank high marks for keeping customers and 
integrating systems in last year's $13.7 billion acquisition of SouthTrust Corp. 
As the SouthTrust integration eased toward completion this spring, Mr. Thompson raised the possibility of further 
acquisitions at investor conferences. Investors worried a big acquisition could hurt shareholder value, and the 
stock took a hit. The slump in Wachovia shares puts them at about 11.9 times the bank's projected full-year profit 
of $4.28 a share, according to analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call. In contrast, Wells Fargo & Co., a San 
Francisco bank that resembles Wachovia in market share and asset size, trades at about 13.3 times this year's 
expected earnings. 
Mr. Thompson said last month that he blames himself in part. "I think our stock's been penalized because we talk 
about [making acquisitions] maybe more than we actually do it," he said. He tamped down acquisition speculation 
in a July 19 conference call on second-quarter earnings. 
Mr. Thompson alluded to the bank's decision in June not to buy credit-card giant MBNA Corp., later snapped up 
at a premium by rival Bank of America Corp. He said the bank has proved "beyond a shadow of doubt" that it will 
be disciplined when it comes to acquisitions. He has said a deal must help per-share profit by the end of the 
second year, and must achieve at least a 15% internal rate of return.

Page 32 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
A Wachovia spokeswoman said, "it is the bank's policy not to comment on rumors or market speculation about 
mergers." A WFS spokeswoman declined to comment. 
--- 
Joseph B. White contributed to this article. 
Document AWSJ000020050823e18o0000v

Page 33 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
WFS Dealers May Be Lure For Wachovia 
News 
WFS Dealers May Be Lure For Wachovia 
By Paul Davis 
916 words 
24 August 2005 
American Banker 
AMB 
1
Vol. 170, No. 163 
English 
(c) 2005 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. 
WASHINGTON -- Wachovia Corp.'s reported interest in the automobile finance company WFS Financial Inc. may 
be tied as much to its relationships with 8,300 dealerships as it is to any desire to bulk up in indirect auto lending, 
analysts say. 
The $512 billion-asset Charlotte banking company is said to be one of several companies interested in acquiring 
WFS. The Irvine, Calif., company, which has a servicing portfolio of about $11 billion, is 84% owned by Westcorp, 
which also owns Western Financial Bank. 
A wave of banking companies have been looking to bulk up recently in consumer finance. However, analysts said 
Tuesday that Wachovia's reluctance to pay a premium has already kept it out of one such transaction. It 
reportedly was interested in buying the Wilmington, Del., credit card company MBNA Corp. but backed away 
because of the price. 
Bank of America Corp. signed a $35 billion deal in June for MBNA. A month later B of A agreed to buy up to $55 
billion of retail automotive loans from General Motors Acceptance Corp. over the next five years. 
G. Kennedy Thompson, the chairman, president, and chief executive of Wachovia, has repeatedly stressed that 
his company will evaluate a deal on its price and cost savings, with less emphasis on revenue-building 
opportunities. 
Though Wachovia would not discuss a report published Tuesday in The Wall Street Journal that it is exploring a 
deal for WFS, Westcorp issued a press release Tuesday afternoon confirming that it is discussions "regarding a 
possible business combination." It did not identify any potential suitors. 
Westcorp has been looking to buy the 16% stake in WFS it does not own, as part of a plan to convert from a 
federal thrift charter to a California bank charter to accommodate its growing automobile and commercial lending 
business. However, the Federal Reserve Board is taking longer than Westcorp expected to approve the 
conversion, and on Tuesday the company said that delay has prompted it to explore alternative solutions. 
Westcorp has not shed any light on what is causing the delay, and a Fed spokesman would only confirm that it 
has received Westcorp's application. An analyst who is following the process, but requested anonymity, said the 
Fed could be concerned that WFS' high concentration of auto loans could mean increased credit exposure at 
Westcorp. 
Shares of WFS rose 15.7% Tuesday, while Westcorp rose 12.5%. Wachovia's shares, meanwhile, slipped 
0.41%. Judging by the stock price, analysts said Tuesday that a deal for WFS would be valued at $2.65 billion. 
Scott Valentin, an analyst at Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co. Inc., said he "wouldn't be surprised" if a company 
made a bid for Westcorp. Western Financial has $2.2 billion of deposits in southern California. 
In an interview this month, David Stevens, Wachovia's dealer financial services executive, said that when it 
comes to auto lending, his company looks beyond indirect relationships with car buyers. It also relies on its ability 
to make loans and provide other services to the dealerships, he said in the interview, which covered banks' broad 
participation in the auto loan business.

Page 34 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"We manage our business from the standpoint of delivering the entire bank to the dealer," with an emphasis on 
products such as real estate loans, capital loans, and loans for buying other dealerships, Mr. Stevens said. 
Jon Balkind, an analyst at Swiss Reinsurance Co.'s Fox-Pitt, Kelton Inc., said Wachovia could also market 
services such as cash management and insurance to auto dealers. "It becomes a better business over time than 
the indirect consumer relationship." 
Kevin Fitzsimmons, an analyst at Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP, said a possible deal for WFS may not be "just 
about the auto loans" that the buyer would inherit. "You can get involved with the dealers on other products." 
Buying WFS would be consistent with Wachovia's current acquisition strategy, which is more tied to diversifying 
business lines than it is to buying a large retail bank, Mr. Fitzsimmons said. "I haven't heard them mention auto 
finance specifically ... but it's not totally out of left field." 
During a June 1 call with Prudential Equity Group LLC clients, Mr. Thompson said Wachovia would be interested 
in buying consumer finance companies "where we could bolt them to the businesses that we're already running 
and make them better." 
Bankers have been talking recently about an unexpected upside to auto lending, since U.S. manufacturers have 
started offering pricing incentives rather than subsidizing their financing arms to move vehicles with offers such as 
0% financing. 
The shift has led to a spike in loan volume -- this month the Commerce Department reported a 6.7% increase in 
July, the largest monthly increase in almost four years -- at interest rates the banks can compete against. 
"But I don't think the volume is sustainable," Mr. Stevens said. Auto lending remains "an extremely competitive 
industry." 
Mr. Balkind and Mr. Fitzsimmons downplayed the idea that Wachovia is looking to enter the California retail 
banking market by acquiring WFS. During the June call, Mr. Thompson mentioned California as a potential 
market for expansion, though he cautioned that such a move could be years away and would likely hinge on the 
success of branch-building efforts in Texas and Manhattan. 
(c) 2005 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. http://www.americanbanker.com 
http://www.sourcemedia.com 
photo, Stevens, Thompson 
Document AMB0000020050824e18o00004

Page 35 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Wachovia Explores a Deal for WFS 
Leading the News 
Wachovia Explores a Deal for WFS 
By Dennis K. Berman and Valerie Bauerlein 
734 words 
23 August 2005 
The Wall Street Journal 
J
A3 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2005, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
The future of WFS Financial Inc. hung in the balance last night, as the independent auto-finance company was 
close to finding a buyer, according to people familiar with the matter. 
Wachovia Corp., the nation's fifth-largest bank by market value, was among those exploring a deal, according to 
the people familiar with the matter. Another suitor, however, may win the Irvine, Calif., company, which originates, 
securitizes and services loans through 8,300 auto dealers. A completed deal could come over the next few days, 
these people say, though it is possible a last-minute snag may scuttle a final agreement. 
The market for U.S. autos remains robust overall, with some 17 million vehicles a year making it onto the nation's 
roads. The industry's largest credit operations -- General Motors Corp.'s General Motors Acceptance Corp. and 
Ford Motor Co.'s Ford Credit unit -- have remained very profitable despite woes in their parents' automotive units 
and rising costs from their own weakened credit ratings. 
The stock price of WFS is near its all-time high, reached earlier this month. In 4 p.m. composite trading yesterday 
on the Nasdaq Stock Market, WFS shares were at $59.88, up 96 cents, or 1.6%, giving it a market capitalization 
of $2.5 billion. As interest rates rise, WFS is perched in a relatively desirable part of the business of making car 
loans: focusing on lending to the "prime" part of the market, meaning car buyers who have the lowest credit risk. 
At the end of 2004, the company was servicing loans valued at a total of $11 billion in nearly 900,000 customer 
accounts. 
Over the latest four quarters, WFS has reported net income of $193 million on revenue of $559 million and net 
interest income of $653 million. It trades at about 12.6 times earnings, and in the past year its stock has 
outgained a basket of other consumer-finance shares, 31% to 16%. 
A big bank presumably could lower WFS's borrowing costs further and potentially make it more competitive 
against the industry behemoths. But shareholders of any acquirer are sure to scrutinize a deal, especially since a 
buyer likely will have to pay a premium to the current share price, potentially pushing the purchase price to 
around $3 billion. WFS is 84% owned by Westcorp, of Irvine, Calif., which also owns Western Financial Bank, a 
small retail operation. 
Wachovia Chairman and Chief Executive G. Kennedy Thompson has concentrated on cautious growth since 
taking the top job in 2000. Analysts and investors have given the bank high marks for keeping customers and 
integrating systems in last year's $13.7 billion acquisition of Birmingam's SouthTrust Corp. 
As the SouthTrust integration eased toward completion this spring, Mr. Thompson raised the possibility of further 
acquisitions at investor conferences. Investors worried a big acquisition could hurt shareholder value, and the 
stock took a hit. The slump in Wachovia shares puts them at about 11.9 times the bank's projected full-year profit 
of $4.28 a share, according to analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call. In contrast, Wells Fargo &Co., the San 
Francisco bank that resembles Wachovia in market share and asset size, trades at about 13.3 times this year's 
earnings. 
Mr. Thompson said last month that he blames himself in part. "I think our stock's been penalized because we talk 
about [making acquisitions] maybe more than we actually do it," he said. He tamped down acquisition speculation 
in a July 19 conference call on second-quarter earnings. 
Mr. Thompson alluded to the bank's decision in June not to buy credit-card giant MBNA Corp., later snapped up 
at a premium by rival Bank of America Corp. He said the bank has proven "beyond a shadow of doubt" that it will

Page 36 of 36 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
be disciplined when it comes to acquisitions. He has said a deal must help per-share profit by the end of the 
second year, and must achieve at least a 15% internal rate of return. 
A Wachovia spokeswoman said yesterday that "it is the bank's policy not to comment on rumors or market 
speculation about mergers." A WFS spokeswoman declined to comment. 
--- 
Joseph B. White contributed to this article. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document J000000020050823e18n0003l 
Search Summary 
Text Kennedy Thompson AND westcorp 
Date All Dates 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Wachovia Corp. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

