Page 1 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Regulation FD Complicates Coverage Of News Publishers ...........................................................................................2 
Gannett Receives Antitrust Approval For Central Newpapers Purchase ........................................................................4 
Newspapers / Gannett Raising Arizona. .........................................................................................................................5 
Gannett to Pay $2.6 Billion For Central Newspapers --- Deal Will Cut Earnings Per Share by 7% in 2001 ...................6 
Companies: Central Newspapers Is Bought By Gannett for $2.6 Billion.........................................................................7 
Gannett Agrees To Buy Central Newspapers .................................................................................................................8 
UPDATE 1-Gannett to buy Central Newspapers for $2.6 bln. ......................................................................................10 
Gannett's Buy Of Central Was Expected; The Price Wasn't .........................................................................................11

Page 2 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Regulation FD Complicates Coverage Of News Publishers 
Regulation FD Complicates Coverage Of News Publishers 
937 words 
27 October 2000 
15:19 
Federal Filings Newswires 
FF 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
ISSUER: FEDERAL FILINGS 
SYMBOL: X.FFI 
By Brian Steinberg 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- The very people who lobby hardest to get all the 
facts may not be so ready to provide them. 
With Regulation FD - the Securities and Exchange Commission's new mandate 
that prevents corporations from limiting disclosure of material news to one 
or two select parties - newspaper publishers will have to prove themselves as 
adept at making news as they are at breaking it. 
Gannett Co. (GCI), for example, has long eschewed the popular practice of 
holding conference calls with analysts after reporting quarterly earnings. 
Now the publisher of USA Today and dozens of smaller newspapers is 
contemplating ways to speak with Wall Street on a more regular basis, 
spokeswoman Tara Connell says. Knight Ridder Inc. (KRI), the nation's No. 2 
newspaper publisher, may include additional material information in the 
monthly advertising statistics it routinely issues to analysts and investors, 
says spokesman Polk Laffoon. 
It may seem odd that companies so dependent on the work of reporters also 
keep them at arm's length when it comes to corporate matters, but such 
standoffishness may actually be reasonable. 
"There may be a strain in some of these media companies worrying about the 
appropriateness" of cozying up to specific journalists or investment bank 
analysts, suggests independent industry analyst John Morton of Silver Spring, 
Md. "There is a sensitivity to it that you might not find in other 
industries." 
In fact, the corporate side of the newspaper business often seems timid 
about dealing with the press. 
Case in point: When Gannett announced its purchase of 
Central Newspapers 
earlier this year, the company decided to hold a conference call for 
analysts- with reporters allowed to piggyback on in "listen-only mode." One 
reporter - from a Gannett-owned TV station, coincidentally enough - broke 
through to ask a question. Chief Executive Douglas McCorkindale sounded 
enraged. 
According to spokeswoman Connell, executives were simply concerned that 
answering one reporter's query would require them to respond to dozens on a 
call meant for analysts. Gannett made people available to the reporter after 
the call, she says. 
Explanations aside, not many industry observers will forget the debut late 
last year of a media conference hosted by Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette 
Securities Corp. Set up as a rival confab to one held regularly at the same 
time by PaineWebber Inc., it managed to lure many of the nation's top 
newspaper executives away from their traditional roost. 
A Media Moment

Page 3 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
It all backfired. In a move seen as either shrewd or highly opportunistic - 
depending on which media analyst is doing the talking - Dow Jones & Co. (DJ), 
publisher of this newswire and The Wall Street Journal, declared it would 
pull out of the conference because the media was not allowed to attend. Dow 
Jones then touted positive corporate developments in a separate conference 
call with analysts. Meanwhile, other conference participants like Gannett and 
New York Times Co. (NYT) were caught in the unfortunate position of having to 
defer to DLJ, which traditionally has barred media from events. The companies 
issued press releases on presentations that executives made behind closed 
doors. 
Now, in light of Regulation FD, many publishers are considering allowing 
reporters to listen to corporate conference calls for the very first time. 
Among them is Times Co., which also intends to offer earnings guidance in the 
monthly revenue statements it provides to investors, according to spokeswoman 
Catherine Mathis. 
Such efforts will put most of the companies on par with concerns like E.W. 
Scripps Co. (SSP), Reuters Group PLC (RTRSY) and Dow Jones, which already 
allow reporters to listen. 
When it comes to the issue how newspaper publishers disclose their news, 
analysts don't seem terribly concerned. "One thing that newspaper companies 
do that you don't see in other industries is they report monthly advertising 
statistics," says Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown analyst Peter Appert, who has 
recently been down on the sector. "The fact that newspaper companies report 
monthly revenue or lineage statistics provides a high degree of visibility, 
in my opinion" and helps him construct financial models. 
Of course, those monthly releases may spur questions. And analysts do 
wonder whether they'll be able to pry anything else out of the publishers. 
Merrill Lynch & Co. analyst Lauren Rich Fine finds most of the sector to be 
"very helpful," but wonders if she would be able to get an answer to a 
question prompted by information contained on a monthly lineage report. 
The new regulations may provoke debate and accelerate changes in policy - 
but at least one publisher seems committed to the maverick reputation it has 
cultivated for years. 
Executives from Washington Post Co. (WPO), owner of the newspaper of that 
name and of Newsweek magazine, seem to take an almost perverse delight in 
remaining "inscrutable," to borrow a term jokingly used in at least one of 
analyst Fine's research notes. The company has little concern for its 
earnings quarter to quarter. Owned in large part by the founding Graham 
family and billionaire Warren Buffett, Washington Post Co. has never split 
its stock. 
After speaking at an industry conference in June, Chairman Donald Graham 
playfully taunted the press, asking reporters to find something worth a story 
in his remarks. And when asked if Regulation FD would prompt changes in the 
Post's modus operandi, spokesman Guyon Knight says, "We normally decline to 
participate in round-up stories such as these." The more things change... 
- Brian Steinberg; Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-5218; 
Brian.Steinberg@dowjones.com 
15:19 
Document ff00000020010806dwar01max

Page 4 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Gannett Receives Antitrust Approval For Central Newpapers Purchase 
Gannett Receives Antitrust Approval For Central Newpapers Purchase 
242 words 
24 July 2000 
12:16 
Dow Jones Business News 
DJON 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
ARLINGTON, Va. -(Dow Jones)- Gannett Co. received antitrust permission for its proposed $2.6 billion 
acquisition of Central Newspapers Inc. 
Gannett's (GCI) purchase of Central (ECP), owner of the Arizona Republic and the Indianapolis Star, will bring 
together a newspaper and TV station in the fast-growing Phoenix market. 
Aside from the Arizona Republic, Gannett would own KPNX, an NBC-affiliate TV station in Phoenix. 
Federal Communications Commission regulations on cross-ownership currently would require Gannett to sell the 
station when the license comes up for renewal in 2006 if it can't get a waiver. Gannett Chief Executive Douglas 
McCorkindale has expressed confidence that the law would be overturned by that time. 
The transaction has been approved by both companies' boards and the trustees of the Eugene C. Pulliam Trust, 
which owns about 78% of Central's voting shares. In addition to its two main newspapers, Central owns a series 
of smaller publications around Indianapolis and Phoenix. 
The proposed acquisition by Gannett would end a family journalism dynasty that began with Eugene C. Pulliam, 
who began delivering newspapers at age six and eventually owned dozens of papers. 
Gannett, whose flagship paper is USA Today, also recently agreed to acquire Britain's News Communications & 
Media PLC and 19 of Thomson Corp.'s newspapers. 
(Compiled from Dow Jones Newswires and other sources) 
Copyright (c) 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
All Rights Reserved 
Document djon000020020330dw7o01fbb

Page 5 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Newspapers / Gannett Raising Arizona. 
Newspapers / Gannett Raising Arizona. 
By Tony Case. 
415 words 
3 July 2000 
MEDIAWEEK 
MDWK 
English 
(c) 2000 ASM Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
`USA Today' publisher grabs Phoenix, Indy metros for $2 billion 
USA Today publisher Gannett Co. kept up its buying spree last week, laying out $2.6 billion for Arizona Republic 
and Indianapolis Star publisher Central Newspapers. The megadeal, Gannett's third in a month, makes for the 
second-biggest newspaper transaction ever, after Tribune Co.'s $8 billion takeover of Times Mirror last March. 
By adding Central, Gannett, the nation's largest newspaper publisher in terms of circulation, extends its already 
considerable presence in Arizona. It owns Phoenix's dominant TV station, NBC affiliate KPNX-TV, as well as the 
Tucson Citizen and two other NBC stations. The Indianapolis Star makes Gannett's fourth daily in Indiana. 
The big-bucks deal is the latest in a wave of consolidations in the newspaper business, once defined by local 
ownership and strong family ties. It is also the third major acquisition by Gannett since June 1, when 
president/vice chairman Douglas McCorkindale took the additional title of CEO, succeeding retiring John Curley. 
In June, Gannett spent $1.13 billion for 21 dailies put up by Thomson Corp. and shelled out $800 million for 
Britain's News Communications & Media. 
"Gannett is in heavy acquisition mode. They've got the currency, the stock is valued at a high enough price that 
they can afford to do this, and they're trying to grow as rapidly as they can," said Robert Garrett, president of 
AdMedia Partners, a media investment-banking firm in New York. 
Wall Street has cheered as Gannett grows, but some wonder whether bigger is better. "It's a perfectly logical 
strategic purchase," Garrett said of the Central deal. "The question you have to ask yourself is, `Is bigness for 
bigness' sake an appropriate long-term strategy?'" 
"Gannett's going to be real dominant here; there's no question about that. I'm more concerned about them being 
a good corporate citizen," said Sandy Cowen-Miller, president of The Cowen Agency in Phoenix. Cowen-Miller 
noted the Pulliam family, which has controlled Central for generations, was very involved in the community, "and 
that could change dramatically with a major, national corporation without close ties." She said she observed a 
change when Gannett bought the local NBC station. 
On the business side, however, the ad exec expects few changes. "The Republic is a very sophisticated paper," 
said Cowen-Miller. "I assume Gannett is smart enough to do the same thing." n. 
Document mdwk000020010814dw730002v

Page 6 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Gannett to Pay $2.6 Billion For Central Newspapers --- Deal Will Cut Earnings Per Share by 7% in 2001 
Media & Marketing 
Gannett to Pay $2.6 Billion For Central Newspapers --- Deal Will Cut Earnings Per Share by 7% in 2001 
By Matthew Rose 
Staff Reporter 
551 words 
30 June 2000 
The Asian Wall Street Journal 
AWSJ 
13 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
Gannett Co. agreed to acquire Central Newspapers Inc. for $2.6 billion, the latest in a string of acquisitions by 
the U.S. newspaper giant. 
Unlike Gannett's other deals, which have been broadly welcomed by Wall Street, the proposed acquisition of 
Central poses some risks. Because of the deal's accounting structure, it will reduce Gannett's earnings per share 
by 7% in 2001, something Gannett executives like to avoid when crafting acquisitions because it upsets the 
company's typically conservative investors. Excluding the accounting charges, Gannett says the deal will add to 
its cash earnings this year. 
With the proposed deal, Gannett will also run into U.S. Federal Communications Commission rules that prohibit 
companies from owning a television station and newspaper in the same town. The acquisition would give Gannett 
the Arizona Republic newspaper and KPNX, an NBC-affiliate television station in Phoenix, Arizona, though the 
acquisition agreement itself won't immediately require action by the FCC. 
Gannett, based in Arlington, Virginia, will make a tender offer to purchase Central's Class A shares for $64 apiece 
and Class B shares for $6.40. Also, Gannett will assume or retire about $200 million of Central's debt. 
Gannett said the transaction has been approved by both companies' boards as well as the trustees of the Eugene 
C. Pulliam Trust, which owns about 78% of Central's voting shares. In addition to the Arizona Republic and the 
Indianapolis Star, Central owns a series of smaller publications around Phoenix and Indianapolis. The company, 
based in Phoenix, earned $98.3 million on revenue of $804.1 million last year. 
The proposed acquisition by Gannett would end a family journalism dynasty that started with Eugene C. Pulliam, 
who began delivering newspapers at age six and eventually owned dozens of newspapers. Former U.S. Vice 
President Dan Quayle, a grandson of the company's founder, resigned from Central's board last year during his 
run for the Republican presidential nomination. 
In a conference call with analysts after the deal was announced, Gannett Chief Executive Douglas 
McCorkindale said there are "very significant revenue and cost synergies from adding Central's publications to 
the Gannett family." He said there could be $100 million in savings from the Indianapolis paper alone. After cost 
cutting, Gannett said the deal values Central at 11.2 times 2000 expected cash flow, which falls in the midrange 
of other recent transactions in the industry. 
"I had seen some estimates of $70, so I guess we stole it," Mr. McCorkindale said. The sale price is slightly below 
the $64.25 price of Central's stock when trading in the shares was halted Wednesday on the New York Stock 
Exchange. Shares of Gannett rose 1.4% after the deal was announced Wednesday. 
Two weeks ago, Central said it had begun talks with unnamed suitors that could lead to a sale, a move that sent 
its stock up 65% to $52 on the day of the announcement, making any deal more expensive and scaring off some 
potential buyers. 
Because Central is controlled by the Pulliam family trust, the company was always considered off limits to buyers. 
Document awsj000020010803dw6u006l4

Page 7 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Companies: Central Newspapers Is Bought By Gannett for $2.6 Billion 
Companies: Central Newspapers Is Bought By Gannett for $2.6 Billion 
By Matthew Rose 
Staff Reporter 
496 words 
29 June 2000 
The Wall Street Journal Europe 
WSJE 
UK4 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
NEW YORK -- Gannett Co. agreed to acquire Central Newspapers Inc. for $2.6 billion (2.75 billion euros), the 
latest in a string of acquisitions by the newspaper giant. 
Gannett will make a tender offer to purchase Central's Class A shares for $64 a share and Class B shares for 
$6.40. In addition, Gannett will assume or retire Central's debt. 
In a news release, Gannett said the transaction has been approved by both companies' boards as well as the 
trustees of the Eugene C. Pulliam Trust, which owns around 78% of Central's voting shares. Central, Phoenix, 
owns The Arizona Republic and The Indianapolis Star. 
Unlike other deals which have been broadly welcomed by Wall Street, the deal with Central poses some risks. 
The cost of the deal will reduce Gannett's earnings per share by 7%, something Gannett executives typically 
avoid when crafting acquisitions because it upsets the company's typically conservative investors. 
With the proposed deal, Gannett is also challenging U.S. Federal Communications Commission rules that prohibit 
owning a TV station and newspaper in the same town. Gannett would own the Arizona Republic and KPNX, an 
NBC affiliate television station in Phoenix. 
In a conference call with analysts after the deal was announced, Gannett Chief Executive Douglas 
McCorkindale said there are "very significant revenue and cost synergies from adding Central's publications to 
the Gannett family." He said there could be $100 million in cost savings from the Indianapolis paper alone. After 
cost cutting, Gannett said the deal values Central at 11.2 times 2000 expected earnings, in the mid-range of 
recent transactions. 
"I had seen some estimates of $70 so I guess we stole it," Mr. McCorkindale said. The deal price is slightly below 
the $64.25 price of Central's stock when trading was halted yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange. By 4 
p.m. trading, Gannett stock was up 81.25 cents at $58.9375 a share. 
Central said two weeks ago it had begun talks with unnamed suitors that could lead to a sale, a move which sent 
its stock soaring 65% on the day of the announcement, making any deal more expensive and scarring off some 
potential buyers. Because Central is controlled by a family trust, the company was thought to be off limits to 
suitors. The trust's rules state that the company can be sold if trustees believe the company is threatened with the 
complete loss of its market value. In this case, the trustees may believe that the Internet poses such a threat, 
analysts say. 
According to one person familiar with the situation, Central put itself up for sale after receiving a friendly 
acquisition approach from Tribune Co., which made an offer in the low $50 range. A spokeswoman for Tribune 
could not immediately be reached for comment. 
--- 
Nikhil Deogun contributed to this article. 
Document wsje000020010814dw6t00ah3

Page 8 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Gannett Agrees To Buy Central Newspapers 
Gannett Agrees To Buy Central Newspapers 
By Matthew Rose 
Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal 
887 words 
29 June 2000 
The Wall Street Journal 
J
A3 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
Correction 
GANNETT Co. sees around $100 million in overall cost savings from its acquisition of Central Newspapers Inc. 
An article Thursday incorrectly said those savings would come from Central's Indianapolis newspaper operation. 
Gannett Co. agreed to acquire Central Newspapers Inc., owner of the Arizona Republic and the Indianapolis 
Star, for $2.6 billion, the latest in a string of acquisitions by the newspaper giant. 
Unlike Gannett's other deals, which have been broadly welcomed by Wall Street, the proposed acquisition of 
Central poses some risks. Because of the deal's accounting structure, it will reduce Gannett's earnings per share 
by 7% in 2001, something Gannett executives like to avoid when crafting acquisitions because it upsets the 
company's typically conservative investors. Not including the accounting charges, Gannett says the deal will add 
to its cash earnings this year. 
With the proposed deal, Gannett will also run into Federal Communications Commission rules that don't allow 
companies to own a TV station and newspaper in the same town. Gannett would own the Arizona Republic and 
KPNX, an NBC-affiliate television station in Phoenix, though the deal itself won't immediately require the FCC to 
waive the rules. 
Gannett, based in Arlington, Va., will make a tender offer to purchase Central's Class A shares for $64 a share 
and Class B shares for $6.40. Also, Gannett will assume or retire about $200 million of Central's debt. 
In a news release, Gannett said the transaction has been approved by both companies' boards as well as the 
trustees of the Eugene C. Pulliam Trust, which owns about 78% of Central's voting shares. In addition to its two 
main newspapers, Central owns a series of smaller publications around Indianapolis and Phoenix. The Phoenix 
company last year earned $98.3 million on revenue of $804.1 million. 
The proposed acquisition by Gannett would end a family journalism dynasty that began with Eugene C. Pulliam, 
who began delivering newspapers at age six and eventually owned dozens of papers. Former vice president Dan 
Quayle, a grandson of the company's founder, resigned from Central's board last year during his run for the 
Republican presidential nomination. 
In a conference call with analysts after the deal was announced late yesterday afternoon, Gannett Chief 
Executive Douglas McCorkindale said there are "very significant revenue and cost synergies from adding 
Central's publications to the Gannett family." He said there could be $100 million in cost savings from the 
Indianapolis paper alone. After cost cutting, Gannett said the deal values Central at 11.2 times 2000 expected 
cash-flow, in the midrange of recent transactions. 
"I had seen some estimates of $70, so I guess we stole it," Mr. McCorkindale said. The deal price is slightly below 
the $64.25 price of Central's stock when trading was halted yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange. In 4 
p.m. composite trading on the Big Board, Gannett stock was up 81.25 cents to $58.9375 a share. 
Central two weeks ago said it had begun talks with unnamed suitors that could lead to a sale, a move that sent its 
stock up 65% to $52 on the day of the announcement, making any deal more expensive and scaring off some 
potential buyers.

Page 9 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Because Central is controlled by the Pulliam family trust, the company was always considered off limits to suitors. 
The trust's rules state that the company can be sold if trustees believe the company is threatened with the 
complete loss of its market value. 
According to one person familiar with the situation, Central put itself up for sale after receiving a friendly 
acquisition approach from Tribune Co., which made an offer in the low-$50s. A spokeswoman for Tribune, which 
recently acquired Times Mirror Co., publisher of the Los Angeles Times, declined to comment. 
Gannett's purchase of Central brings together a newspaper and TV station in the Phoenix market, which will help 
the company sell advertising in one of the country's fastest-growing markets. The FCC regulations on 
cross-ownership currently would require Gannett to sell the station when the license comes up for renewal in 
2006 if it can't get a waiver. Mr. McCorkindale said he was confident that the law would be overturned by that 
time. 
The deal doesn't come as a surprise to people in the industry. Central Chief Executive Louis A. Weil III is close to 
executives at Gannett, where Mr. Weil worked for many years. 
It is also the latest in a rapid whirl of deal-making for Gannett. Flush with cash following the sale of its cable-TV 
business earlier this year, Gannett recently agreed to acquire Britain's News Communications & Media PLC as 
well as 21 of Thomson Corp.'s newspapers for $1.13 billion. 
Before pending deals, Gannett publishes 74 daily papers in the U.S., including USA Today, and operates 22 
television stations. 
A newspaper analyst said the deal, the industry's second-largest behind the Tribune-Times Mirror transaction, is 
part of a trend toward consolidation. Gannett said the deal is expected to close in the third quarter, pending 
regulatory and shareholder approval. 
--- 
Nikhil Deogun contributed to this article. 
Document j000000020010807dw6t00gg6

Page 10 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE 1-Gannett to buy Central Newspapers for $2.6 bln. 
UPDATE 1-Gannett to buy Central Newspapers for $2.6 bln. 
405 words 
28 June 2000 
18:51 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2000 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, June 28 (Reuters) - Gannett Co. Inc. , the newspaper chain that operates USA Today, said on 
Wednesday it signed a deal to buy Central Newspapers Inc. , whose holdings include The Arizona Republic, for 
$2.6 billion, Gannet's second major acquisition in three weeks. 
Under terms of the deal, Gannett, which owns 89 daily newspapers, will make a tender offer to buy all of Central's 
Class A stock for $64 per share. The company will also offer to pay $6.40 per share for all of Central's Class B 
stock. 
"We are extremely pleased that the Central properties will become part of Gannett," Gannett chief executive 
Douglas McCorkindale said in a statement. "This transaction affords Gannett the rare opportunity to add two 
flagship newspapers to our operations." 
Arlington, Va.,-based Gannett will also assume all the existing debt of Central, whose holdings also include The 
Indianapolis Star, a direct marketing business and a technology investment management group. 
Earlier this month, Gannett said it would buy 21 daily newspapers in the states of Louisiana, Maryland, Ohio, 
Wisconsin and Utah from Canadian publisher Thomson Corp. for $1.12 billion. 
"It is increasingly clear that size and scale are key considerations in the long-term success of a newspaper 
operator and our agreement announced today is a reflection of that," said Central chief executive Louis Weil, III. 
"We believe this transaction demonstrates the substantial value that Central Newspaper has created and the 
overall strength of our operations." 
Gannett said the deal, which is expected to close in the third quarter of 2000, does not require approval by the 
Federal Communications Commission because no broadcast licenses are being transferred. 
The boards of directors of both Gannett and Central have approved the deal. Additionally, trustees of the Eugene 
C. Pulliam Trust, which controls 78 percent of the Central's voting power, have agreed to tender all their Class B 
shares, which would be for the deal to go through. 
Gannett's shares closed up 13/16 at 58-15/16 on Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange, just above its 
year-low of 56-5/8. Shares of Central Newspapers, which also trade on the New York Stock Exchange, finished 
down 1/8 at 64-1/4, just off its year high of 65-7/8. 
((-Mark Weinraub, New York Equities desk 212-859-1700)). 
Document lba0000020010820dw6s02pv3

Page 11 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Gannett's Buy Of Central Was Expected; The Price Wasn't 
Gannett's Buy Of Central Was Expected; The Price Wasn't 
812 words 
28 June 2000 
17:14 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
By Brian Steinberg 
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Gannett Co. (GCI), the largest U.S. newspaper publisher, is poised to grow even 
larger by acquiring family-controlled Central Newspapers Inc. (ECP) for approximately $2.6 billion. The proposed 
acquisition follows a string of moves the publisher of USA Today has made both at home and overseas. 
The fact that Gannett emerged as Central's suitor presents little surprise to industry observers. Since Central 
announced June 8 that it was mulling the possibility of selling itself - and since the stock rose 65% on the day of 
the announcement - many of the sector's would-be buyers have dropped out of the bidding, saying that the price 
of the Arizona publisher's shares had grown too expensive, too quickly. 
Gannett said Wednesday that it would pay approximately $2.6 billion in cash for the publisher of the Indianapolis 
Star and the Arizona Republic. Central's holdings also include three daily newspapers in Indiana and one in 
Louisiana. Central also owns a direct-marketing business and CNI Ventures, which manages technology 
investments, and a 23% stake in career-and-recruiting service BrassRing Inc. 
"This transaction fits very, very nicely with our goals," said Gannett Chief Executive Douglas McCorkindale. He 
said the acquisition represents " a wonderful opportunity to acquire large market, high-quality franchises in strong 
above-average growth markets." 
Gannett said it would buy all of Central's Class A shares for $64 a share, and all of Central's Class B shares for 
$6.40 a share. Central is 78% controlled by the Eugene C. Pulliam Trust, which has already agreed to tender all 
of its shares to Gannett. The affirmative vote of those shares would be sufficient to approve the merger, which is 
expected to close in the third quarter of this year. 
Gannett also said it would buy or retire all of Central's approximately $200 million debt. 
Gannett said it expects the Central buy to add to cash earnings per share for 2000 and in its first full year in 2001. 
Initial dilution to reported earnings per share is expected to be about 7% in 2001. 
While Gannett's purchase may not come as a shock, its agreement to pay what is essentially Central's current 
stock price may be. In the days leading up the announcement, several industry analysts suggested that Gannett, 
known for watching its money carefully, wouldn't want to pay for the rise in Central's shares. 
"We're satisfied with the price," said Gannett Chief Executive McCorkindale during a conference call with 
analysts. "We think it makes good sense, and in our normal style we'll bring plenty to the bottom line." 
The move shows another long-time newspaper family electing to get out of the business. The Central dynasty 
began with Eugene C. Pulliam, a preacher's son who grew up to own dozens of newspapers. His heirs make up 
the Pulliam Trust, which includes former vice president Dan Quayle. The family's departure from the industry 
follows that of the Chandler clan, who agreed in March to sell Times Mirror Co., publisher of The Los Angeles 
Times, to Chicago's Tribune Co. (TRB). 
Gannett has had plenty of cash on hand since it sold its cable operations early in the year for about $2.8 billion. 
The Arlington, Va., publisher has already agreed to acquire Britain News Communications & Media PLC. It also 
recently agreed to buy 21 daily newspapers and a number of weekly and niche publications from Canada's 
Thomson Corp. (T.TOC) for about $1.13 billion.

Page 12 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Wall Street had been pressuring Gannett to find ways to invest its capital. With the recent spate of acquisitions, 
however, Gannett seems to have responded to that concern. 
The proposed merger may have one potential hurdle. Gannett owns KPNX, a TV station in Phoenix, which could 
bring it into conflict with the federal government's current rules on cross-ownership. However, because the deal 
would not require the transfer of any broadcast licenses, no approval from the Federal Communications 
Commission would be required, according to Gannett. 
Many publishers and broadcasters are hoping the cross-ownership rules will be modified as the media landscape 
changes with Internet developments. Under current rules, Gannett can hold a TV station and a newspaper in the 
Phoenix market until October 2006, when the station next comes up for renewal. Gannett said it expects the 
cross-ownership rules to change by that time. If not, a waiver would be required to allow continued ownership. 
In the conference call, McCorkindale said Central newspapers, known for their conservative bent, were likely to 
remain that way. Gannett, he said, would not interfere with the editorial boards of the Central holdings. 
-Brian Steinberg, Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-5218 
Brian.Steinberg@dowjones.com 
Document dj00000020010805dw6s02kew 
Search Summary 
Text Douglas McCorkindale AND Central Newspapers 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2001 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Gannett Co., Inc. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

