Page 1 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Raider with a clear vision ................................................................................................................................................2 
Ahead of the Bell: Danaher .............................................................................................................................................4 
DANAHER TO OFFER US$520 MLN TO ACQUIRE VISION SYSTEMS ......................................................................5 
Danaher to acquire Vision for $700m..............................................................................................................................7 
Danaher Deals For Vision Systems ................................................................................................................................8

Page 2 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Raider with a clear vision 
BUSINESS 
Raider with a clear vision 
Geoff Easdown 
527 words 
10 October 2006 
Herald-Sun 
HERSUN 
1 - FIRST 
35 
English 
Copyright 2006 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved 
* DANAHER TOPS RIVALS WITH $700 MILLION BID 
TAKEOVER target Vision Systems yesterday traded at record levels after a senior executive of Danaher 
Corporation bid $US520 million ($A700 million) for the Melbourne-based medical technology developer. 
Philip Whitehead, Danaher's head of European operations, offered $3.75 a share, prompting Vision Systems 
directors to recommend acceptance in the absence of a higher offer. 
Vision managing director James Fox said shareholders would clearly benefit from the offer. 
He noted that Danaher and its specialist pathology tools business, Leica Microsystems, provided a unique 
opportunity for "our business to continue to thrive and grow". 
Yesterday's offer topped previous bids in the three-way battle for Vision with US-owned Cytyc Corporation 
offering $3.25 a share and $2.13 by rival bidder Ventana Medical Systems. 
Vision shares reached $3.92 after yesterday's announcement. 
They closed at $3.82, slipping 10 in afternoon trading, but still 22 above the previous peak of $3.60 and 31 above 
the closing price last Friday. 
Mr Whitehead, who stepped off a direct flight from London and lodged the bid shortly before the market opened, 
told BusinessDaily Vision would provide a good match for other products in Danaher's laboratory range of 
diagnostic tools. 
"Vision gives us complementary products in what will be probably the most expansive range and the most 
complete offering for the pathologist," he said. 
"That's why we are here and that's what attracts us." 
He added that Washington-based Danaher was confident of winning Australian Foreign Investment Review Board 
approval. 
Yesterday's bid raised Danaher's standing in what has been a three-way takeover battle. 
Danaher, which had not put forward an offer until yesterday, suddenly gained ascendancy, a move which will 
force rival suitors Cytyc and Ventana to come up with large sums if they intend to stay in the fight. 
In making its grab for the business, Danaher said it had terminated an earlier plan to join Ventana in mounting a 
joint takeover offer. 
On September 28, both companies advised the market they were in discussions but there was no certainty a joint 
bid would eventuate. 
Mr Whitehead said he had been in Melbourne 10 days ago to conduct due diligence where "we consolidated our 
view of the company". 
"That led us to make the offer at the opening play this morning."

Page 3 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Vision has been a specialist manufacturer since 1987 of automated instruments for diagnosing cancer and 
infectious diseases. 
Buying Vision would bolster Danaher chief executive Lawrence Culp's efforts to further expand the medical and 
dental business arms of his company which also makes Craftsman brand tools and Fluke electronic equipment. 
Danaher's medico-pathology division includes Leica Microsystems, a maker of microscopic instruments. 
The Vision bid comes only months after Danaher completed the company's largest ever purchase, by buying 
Sybron Dental Specialties for $US2 billion. 
Danaher has bought about 30 companies since Mr Culp took charge of the business in May 2001. 
The $US520 million Vision deal is said to include about $US5 million worth of transaction costs. 
[DHS_T-20061010-1-035-535910 ] 
Document HERSUN0020061009e2aa0006b

Page 4 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Ahead of the Bell: Danaher 
Ahead of the Bell: Danaher 
245 words 
9 October 2006 
07:52 
Associated Press Newswires 
APRS 
English 
(c) 2006. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. 
NEW YORK (AP) - U.S. industrial conglomerate Danaher Corp. late Sunday outbid two competitors in the battle 
to acquire Australian medical technology company Vision Systems Ltd. with a tender offer of 3.75 Australian 
dollars ($2.79) per share. 
According to a Danaher press release, Vision's board unanimously recommended shareholders accept Danaher's 
tender unless another suitor steps in with a better offer. 
The offer, which Washington-based Danaher said it expects to complete in the fourth quarter assuming Vision 
shareholders tender at least half of Vision's outstanding shares, values the company at about $520 million, 
excluding Vision's cash, Danaher said. 
Danaher has competed with Ventana Medical Systems Inc. and Cytyc Corp., and also exploring a cooperative bid 
with Ventana, for the Melbourne-based maker of equipment and chemicals used in testing at pathology labs to 
detect cancer and infectious diseases. 
Vision had initially backed a 2.13 Australian dollar ($1.60) per share offer from Tuscon, Ariz.-based medical 
equipment maker Ventana, then endorsed a 3.25 Australian dollar ($2.42) offer from Cytyc, a Marlborough, 
Mass.-based maker of women's health products. 
In a statement Sunday, Danaher Chief Executive H. Lawrence Culp Jr. said the company hopes to marry Vision 
with Danaher's pathology diagnostics subsidiary, Leica Microsystems. The combined business would offer "a 
complete line of specimen preparation and diagnostic instruments, while offering the advanced chemistries critical 
to the future of pathology." 
7
Document APRS000020061009e2a9001e2

Page 5 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
DANAHER TO OFFER US$520 MLN TO ACQUIRE VISION SYSTEMS 
DANAHER TO OFFER US$520 MLN TO ACQUIRE VISION SYSTEMS 
773 words 
9 October 2006 
AAP MediaNet Press Releases 
AAPMPR 
English 
© 2006 Australian Associated Press Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved 
(Full text of a statement. Contact details below.) 
WASHINGTON and MELBOURNE, Oct. 9 /PRNewswire/ -- 
Danaher Corporation announces that it has agreed with VisionSystems Limited (Vision) (ASX: VSL) that Danaher 
will initiatea tender offer to acquire Vision for A$3.75 (US$2.79) pershare, for an aggregate price of approximately 
US$520 million,including transaction costs and net of cash acquired. 
The Board of Directors of Vision has unanimously recommendedthat the shareholders of Vision accept the offer 
in the absenceof a superior offer.The offer will be subject to tender of a majority of the Visionshares (on a fully 
diluted basis) into the offer and certainother customary closing conditions. 
The transaction is expected to close during the fourthquarter of 2006. 
Danaher and Ventana Medical Systems Inc. have terminatedtheir previously disclosed discussions regarding a 
potentialcooperative effort to purchase Vision. 
Danaher's Leica Microsystems pathology diagnostics businesswith its solid base of technologies, instruments, 
global reachand brand coupled with Vision's innovative and proprietarytechnologies would create a leading global 
supplier ofinnovative solutions serving the anatomical pathology market. 
Together Vision and Leica Microsystems would offer acomplete line of specimen preparation and 
diagnosticinstruments while offering the advanced chemistries critical tothe future of pathology. 
Founded in 1987 and headquartered in Melbourne, Australia,Vision has operations in Australia, the United States 
and theUnited Kingdom. 
Vision is a manufacturer and marketer of automatedinstruments including the Peloris(TM) rapid tissue 
processorand the Bond(TM)-maX advanced staining system, as well asNovocastra(TM) antibodies and 
biochemical reagents forbiopsy-based detection of cancer and infectious diseases. 
H. Lawrence Culp, Jr., President and CEO of Danaher, said: "Vision has an attractive pathology diagnostics 
instrumentand consumable product offering that fits very well with thegrowth strategy we are pursuing for our 
Medical TechnologyPlatform. 
Specifically, we believe that Vision's strength in rapidtissue processing and workflow-optimized advanced 
stainingsystems will allow us to drive growth by offering customersboth improved productivity and advanced 
diagnostic technologiesfor use in clinical pathology laboratories.The partnering of Leica's strong, global brand and 
Vision'sinnovative technologies creates a unique opportunity to providecreative solutions to the pathology 
diagnostic market." 
Dr. James Fox, Managing Director of Vision Systems Limitedsaid: "Vision's shareholders clearly benefit from 
thistransaction and we also recognize that Danaher and LeicaMicrosystems provide a unique set of opportunities 
for ourbusinesses to thrive and continue to grow. 
We are excited by this combination and look forward tocapitalizing on the opportunity to better serve our 
customersand provide stimulating challenges for our professionalsworldwide." 
All references to U.S. dollars herein use a conversion rateof US$1.00 = A$1.3463.

Page 6 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Danaher Corporation is a leading manufacturer ofProfessional Instrumentation, Industrial Technologies, andTools 
and Components ( http://www.danaher.com ). 
This release does not constitute the making of an offer toacquire or the solicitation of an offer to sell any 
securitiesof Vision. 
The offer will only be made through the means of the formaloffer document to be sent to Vision shareholders in 
duecourse. 
The offer will extend to all shares in Vision that areissued during the offer period as a result of the conversion 
ofthe Vision convertible notes and the Vision options. 
However, Danaher is not offering to acquire any Visionconvertible notes or Vision options. 
The attachment to this announcement sets out the conditionsof the Danaher offer. 
Shareholders of Vision should read these materials carefullywhen then are available because they contain 
importantinformation, including the terms and conditions of the offer. 
Statements in this release that are not strictly historicalmay be "forward-looking" statements. 
These forward-looking statements include statements aboutthe proposed offer, the expected timetable for 
completing thetransaction, future financial and operating results, benefitsand synergies of the transaction, future 
opportunities for thecombined company and any other statements about Vision orDanaher managements' future 
expectations, beliefs, goals, plansor prospects. 
There are a number of important risks and uncertainties thatcould cause actual events to differ materially from 
thosesuggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements. 
These risks and uncertainties include, among other things,the competitive nature of acquisitions, approval of 
theacquisition by Vision's shareholders and noteholders,regulatory approvals and potential changes in the 
environmentfor making acquisitions and divestitures, including changes inthe market value of acquisition 
candidates, general economicconditions as well as other risks and uncertainties set forthin Danaher's filings with 
the United States Securities andExchange Commission. 
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the dateof this release and Danaher disclaims any duty to 
update anyforward- looking statement. 
SOURCE Danaher Corporation 
CONTACT: Andy Wilson, Vice President, Investor Relations,Danaher Corporation, +1-202-828-0850, Fax: 
+1-202-828-0860 
Web site: http://www.danaher.com 
(DHR) 
ASIA PULSE 
Document AAPMPR0020061009e2a900031

Page 7 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Danaher to acquire Vision for $700m 
Danaher to acquire Vision for $700m 
279 words 
9 October 2006 
AAP Bulletins 
AAPBLT 
English 
© 2006 Australian Associated Press Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved 
SYDNEY 
Danaher Corporation says it will initiate an agreed tender offer to acquire Vision Systems for $700 million. 
Danaher Corporation says it will initiate an agreed tender offer to acquire Vision Systems Ltd for $700 million, 
ending a previous agreement with Ventana Medical Systems to jointly purchase Vision. 
Danaher has offered to offer $3.75 per share for the diagnostics instruments group. 
Vision's board of directors has recommended shareholders accept the offer in the absence of a superior bid. 
The offer is superior to the current unconditional offer from Cytyc Corp of $3.25 a share, Vision said in a 
statement. 
The transaction is expected to be completed in the December quarter. 
Danaher and Ventana Medical Systems have terminated their previously announced agreement regarding a 
potential co-operative effort to purchase Vision. 
Danaher chief executive H. Lawrence Culp said Vision's instrument offering fitted well with its growth strategy. 
"Specifically, we believe that Vision's strength in rapid tissue processing and workflow-optimised advanced 
staining systems will allow us to drive growth by offering customers both improved productivity and advanced 
diagnostic technologies for use in clinical pathology laboratories," Mr Culp said. 
Danaher intends to couple its Leica Microsystems pathology diagnostics with Vision's anatomical pathology 
technology. 
Vision is a manufacturer of automated pathology instruments with operations in Australia, the US and the UK. 
Its managing director, James Fox, said Danaher provided a unique opportunity for its business to continue to 
grow. 
"We are excited by this combination and look forward to capitalising on the opportunity to better serve our 
customers and provide stimulating challenges for our professionals worldwide," Dr Fox said. 
323509 
Document AAPBLT0020061009e2a90002w

Page 8 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Danaher Deals For Vision Systems 
Danaher Deals For Vision Systems 
548 words 
8 October 2006 
FinancialWire 
FNWIR 
English 
© 2006 FinancialWire. All rights reserved 
(Distributed for Investrend Communications, Inc. via M2 Communications Ltd ( www.m2.com October 9, 2006 
(FinancialWire) Danaher Corporation (NYSE: DHR) has agreed with Australian-based Vision Systems Limited 
(ASX: VSL) that Danaher will initiate a tender offer to acquire Vision for $2.79 per share, for an aggregate price of 
approximately $520 million, including transaction costs and net of cash acquired. Danaher and Ventana Medical 
Systems Inc. (NASDAQ: VMSI) have terminated their previously disclosed discussions regarding a potential 
cooperative effort to purchase Vision. The Vision board of directors unanimously recommended that the 
shareholders of Vision accept the offer in the absence of a superior offer. The offer will be subject to tender of a 
majority of the Vision shares into the offer and certain other customary closing conditions. The transaction is 
expected to close during the fourth quarter of 2006. 
Danaher said its Leica Microsystems pathology diagnostics business with its solid base of technologies, 
instruments, global reach and brand coupled with Vision's innovative and proprietary technologies would create a 
leading global supplier of innovative solutions serving the anatomical pathology market. Together Vision and 
Leica Microsystems would offer a complete line of specimen preparation and diagnostic instruments while offering 
the advanced chemistries critical to the future of pathology. Founded in 1987 and headquartered in Melbourne, 
Australia, Vision has operations in Australia, the United States and the United Kingdom. Vision is a manufacturer 
and marketer of automated instruments including the Peloris rapid tissue processor and the Bond-maX advanced 
staining system, as well as Novocastra antibodies and biochemical reagents for biopsy-based detection of cancer 
and infectious diseases. "Vision has an attractive pathology diagnostics instrument and consumable product 
offering that fits very well with the growth strategy we are pursuing for our Medical Technology Platform," H. 
Lawrence Culp, Jr., president and CEO of Danaher, said. "Specifically, we believe that Vision's strength in rapid 
tissue processing and workflow-optimized advanced staining systems will allow us to drive growth by offering 
customers both improved productivity and advanced diagnostic technologies for use in clinical pathology 
laboratories. The partnering of Leica's strong, global brand and Vision's innovative technologies creates a unique 
opportunity to provide creative solutions to the pathology diagnostic market." For up-to-the-minute news, features 
and links click on http://www.FinancialWire.net FinancialWire is an independent, proprietary news service of 
Investrend Information, a division of Investrend Communications, Inc. It is not a press release service and 
receives no compensation from any company for its news or opinions. Other divisions of Investrend, however, 
provide shareholder empowerment platforms such as forums, independent research and webcasting. For more 
information or to receive the FirstAlert daily summary of news, commentary, research reports, webcasts, events 
and conference calls, click on http://www.investrend.com/contact.asp For a free annual report on a company 
mentioned in the news, please click on http://investrend.ar.wilink.com/?level=279 To become an investor monitor 
of independent research for a company in which you are invested, go to the not-for-profit Shareholders Research 
Alliance, Inc. website by clicking on http://www.shareholdersresearch.com/ The FinancialWire NewsFeed is now 
available in multiple formats to your site or desktop, free. Click on: 
http://www.investrend.com/XmlFeeds?level=268 
Document FNWIR00020061009e2a80000m 
Search Summary 
Text Culp ANd Vision Systems 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2007 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Danaher Corp. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries

Page 9 of 9 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Region All Regions 
Language English

