Page 1 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
SHORTS - People. ..........................................................................................................................................................2 
COMPANIES &FINANCE UK / INTERNATIONAL - GE in Euros 2bn Finnish medical technology buy. ........................3 
GE bids 1/42B for medical device maker: Finland's Instrumetarium: Driving to establish presence in Europe's hospital 
market .............................................................................................................................................................................4 
Companies: GE Set to Buy Finnish Company --- Instrumentarium to Be Part Of Medical Systems Unit; Mending 
Fences With EU ..............................................................................................................................................................5 
Global - GE to Purchase Finnish Medical Group ............................................................................................................7 
UPDATE 4-GE to buy Finland's Instrumentarium for 2 bln euros. ..................................................................................9 
GE CEO says Finnish purchase to boost 2003 group EPS. .........................................................................................11 
UPDATE 5-GE to buy Finnish medical device maker for $2.1 bln. ...............................................................................12 
GE plans to buy medical firm Instrumentarium-report...................................................................................................14 
GE nears medical purchase ..........................................................................................................................................15 
Finland healthcare: GE to buy medical group for (Euro)2bn .........................................................................................16 
GE In Talks With Finnish Medical Grp Instrumentarium - FT........................................................................................18 
GE in talks with Finnish medical group. ........................................................................................................................19

Page 2 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
SHORTS - People.
SHORTS - People. 
58 words 
19 December 2002 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
15 
English 
(c) 2002 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
Jeffrey Immelt, GE chief executive, is taking the US group into the operating theatre market with a $2.6bn 
agreed bid for Instrumentarium of Finland. Mr Immelt said the bid should be seen strategically from a global, 
rather than simply a European, perspective, pointing out its strong presence in US healthcare. Page 16 
US Edition 2. 
Document ftft000020021219dycj000li

Page 3 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
COMPANIES &FINANCE UK / INTERNATIONAL - GE in Euros 2bn Finnish medical technology buy. 
COMPANIES &FINANCE UK / INTERNATIONAL - GE in Euros 2bn Finnish medical technology buy. 
By NICHOLAS GEORGE. 
423 words 
19 December 2002 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
26 
English 
(c) 2002 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
General Electric, the US industrial and financial group, yesterday launched a Euros 2bn ( $2.06bn) agreed 
takeover bid for the Finnish company Instrumentarium as part of its expansion in the medical technology sector. 
The move will give GE an entrance into the growing market for operating theatre equipment in Europe and the 
US, but only goes a little way in fulfilling its aim of strengthening its presence in the wider medical equipment 
market in core European countries such as Germany. 
In late trading, Instrumentarium shares were up more than 40 per cent to Euros 38.26 in Helsinki, slightly under 
the Euros 40 a share offer. Analysts said the premium meant the bid was likely to be welcomed by shareholders. 
The Finnish group's main operations are in anaesthesia and critical care, which account for about 80 per cent of 
its sales. It produces equipment and monitoring systems that are used in intensive care and during operations. 
Earlier this year the company spent Euros 142m on Spacelabs Medical of the US and now generates more than 
half its sales in the US. 
Jeffrey Immelt, GE chief executive, said Instrumentarium would make a good fit with GE's existing medical 
technology operations. "By and large we are complementary as we don't have much presence in the operating 
room today," he said. 
GE makes imaging, X-ray and other medical devices and has annual sales of $9bn in its Medical Systems 
division, yet has found it hard to establish a strong position in the European hospital market. 
Mr Immelt said the purchase of Instrumentarium should be seen strategically from a global, rather than simply a 
European, perspective, pointing out its strong presence in the US. Analysts said they did not expect any 
competition issues in Europe although there could be some problems in the US. 
GE said in a statement that Olli Riikkala, Instrumentarium chief executive, would take a key role within GE's 
medical business. 
Instrumentarium has 5,400 employees and had sales last year of Euros 1.025bn. If the take-over is successful 
Helsinki will become the European headquarters for GE's Medical Information Technology business. However the 
deal is likely to spark debate in Finland about the number of technology companies being bought by foreigners. 
Last month Telia completed the purchase of Finland's main telecoms operator Sonera. 
Mr Immelt said he expected the deal to be accretive to GE shareholders. 
London Edition 2. 
Document ftft000020021219dycj000dd

Page 4 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE bids 1/42B for medical device maker: Finland's Instrumetarium: Driving to establish presence in Europe's hospital market 
Financial Post: News 
GE bids 1/42B for medical device maker: Finland's Instrumetarium: Driving to establish presence in 
Europe's hospital market 
Nicholas George 
Financial Times 
439 words 
19 December 2002 
National Post 
FINP 
All but Toronto / Late 
FP2 
English 
(c) National Post 2002. All Rights Reserved. 
STOCKHOLM - General Electric Co., the U.S. industrial and financial group, yesterday launched a 1/42-billion 
(US$2.06-billion) takeover bid for the Finnish company Instrumentarium Oyj as part of its expansion in the 
medical technology sector. 
The move will give GE an entrance into the growing market for operating theatre equipment in Europe and the 
United States, but only goes a little way in fulfilling its aim of strengthening its presence in the wider medical 
equipment market in core European countries such as Germany. 
In late trading, Instrumentarium shares were up more than 40% to 1/438.26 in Helsinki, slightly under the 1/440 
a share offer. Analysts said the premium meant the bid was likely to be welcomed by shareholders. 
The Finnish group's main operations are in anesthesia and critical care, which account for about 80%. It produces 
equipment and monitoring systems that are used in intensive care and during operations. 
Earlier this year, Instrumentarium spent 1/4142-million to buy U.S. firm Spacelabs Medical, and now generates 
more than half its sales in the United States. 
Jeffrey Immelt, GE's chief executive, said Instrumentarium would make a good fit with GE's existing medical 
technology operations. "By and large, we are complementary as we don't have much presence in the operating 
room today," he said. 
GE makes imaging, X-ray and other medical devices and has annual sales of US$9-billion in its Medical Systems 
division, yet has found it hard to establish a strong position in the European hospital market. 
Mr. Immelt said the purchase of Instrumentarium should be seen strategically from a global, rather than simply a 
European, perspective, pointing out its strong presence in the United States. Analysts said they did not expect 
any competition issues in Europe although there could be some problems in the United States. 
GE said in a statement that Olli Riikkala, Instrumentarium's CEO, would take a key role within GE's medical 
business. 
Instrumentarium has 5,400 employees and had sales last year of 1/41.025-billion. 
If the takeover is successful, Helsinki will become the European headquarters for GE's Medical Information 
Technology business. However, the deal is likely to spark debate in Finland about the number of technology 
companies being bought by foreigners. 
Last month, Telia AB completed the purchase of Finland's main telecoms operator, Sonera. 
Mr. Immelt said he expected the deal to be accretive to GE shareholders. 
Document finp000020021219dycj00048

Page 5 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Companies: GE Set to Buy Finnish Company --- Instrumentarium to Be Part Of Medical Systems Unit; Mending Fences With EU 
Companies: GE Set to Buy Finnish Company --- Instrumentarium to Be Part Of Medical Systems Unit; 
Mending Fences With EU 
By Anita Raghavan and Gautam Naik 
629 words 
18 December 2002 
The Wall Street Journal Europe 
WSJE 
A4 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2002, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
LONDON -- General Electric Co. is nearing an agreement to acquire Finland's largest medical-equipment maker, 
Instrumentarium Corp., for about $2 billion (1.96 billion euros), bolstering its existing lead as a supplier of 
medical equipment, people familiar with the situation said. 
The transaction could still fall apart. But the terms have already been approved by GE's board, and 
Instrumentarium's board was expected to meet this morning to sign off on the deal, these people said. An 
announcement is expected later today. 
If the transaction is completed, Instrumentarium will become part of GE's fast-growing GE Medical Systems unit, 
a maker of imaging, X-ray and other medical devices. The deal is important to GE Medical Systems because it 
has few large acquisition opportunities open to it. Because of the unit's size, many acquisitions would raise 
antitrust issues. 
A spokesman for GE Medical Systems, of Waukesha, Wisconsin, wasn't available to provide immediate 
comment. A spokesman for Instrumentarium declined to comment. 
Jeffrey Immelt, GE's chairman and chief executive, played a role in the negotiations with Instrumentarium, 
which began about eight months ago, people familiar with the talks said. Mr. Immelt was previously GE Medical 
System's chief, and since taking over GE's helm from John F. Welch Jr. a year ago has made a strong push to 
boost innovation at the company. 
Medical instruments are a fast-growing segment of the health-care market. As baby boomers age, more people 
will require surgery and critical care. Innovative medical devices can help reduce the amount of time patients 
spend in hospitals. 
Instrumentarium's product line includes devices for anesthesia, critical care and patient monitoring. 
GE Medical Systems, which is expected to report 2002 revenue of about $9 billion, is already considerably larger 
than its biggest rivals, including the medical-equipment divisions of Germany's Siemens AG, Phillips of the 
Netherlands and Toshiba Corp. of Japan. The GE unit hopes to achieve sales of about $15 billion by 2005, 
according to analysts. A good chunk of that growth is expected to be driven by acquisitions. 
GE Medical Systems has been gobbling up smaller medical equipment companies in recent months, although 
none has been anywhere near the size of Instrumentarium. Last year, the Helsinki company, which employs 
1,200 people, reported revenue of more than 1 billion euros and operating profit of about 130 million euros. 
Instrumentarium has been around for more than a century, and is by far the largest medical equipment maker in 
Finland. 
The transaction marks GE's renewed desire to deepen its presence in Europe following its failed takeover bid for 
Honeywell International Inc. The European Union Commission blocked that $41 billion transaction, sparking angry 
recriminations from GE's then-CEO, Mr. Welch. 
Since then, GE has made various efforts to mend fences with the EU by launching TV and newspaper advertising 
and relocating its European headquarters from London to Brussels, the commission's home. The moves appear 
to be paying off. Last week, the commission approved GE's $2.3 billion purchase of Swiss-Swedish engineering 
group ABB Ltd.'s structured-finance unit. Europe generates annual revenue of about 28 billion euros for GE.

Page 6 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
By acquiring the Finnish company, GE Medical Systems will strengthen its position on both sides of the Atlantic. 
About half of Instrumentarium's sales are derived from the U.S., while Europe contributes about a third. GE 
Medical Systems is expected to retain Instrumentarium's management as well its strong research and 
development operations in Finland, people familiar with the talks said. 
--- 
Rachel Emma Silverman in New York contributed to this article. 
Document wsje000020021218dyci00001

Page 7 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Global - GE to Purchase Finnish Medical Group 
Global - GE to Purchase Finnish Medical Group 
Gareth Leather 
711 words 
18 December 2002 
WMRC Daily Analysis 
WDAN 
English 
Copyright 2002, World Markets Research Centre Limited. All Rights Reserved 
WMRC Perspective 
Significance GE's purchase of 
Instrumentarium 
represents the continuation of its expansion plan; GE aims to 
increase its presence in Europe. 
Implications The takeover of 
Instrumentarium shows 
that GE remains serious about expanding its presence in the 
European market, following the blocking of a proposed merger 
between GE and Honeywell in 2001. 
Outlook More acquisitions by GE Medical Systems 
are possible, as the company aims to achieve US$15bn in sales by 
2015. 
Details of the Purchase 
GE has agreed to buy Finnish medical-equipment maker Instrumentarium for 2bn euro (US$2.06bn). The 
decision is aimed at expanding GE's own medical unit. The Finnish company has announced that GE has agreed 
to pay 40 euro (US$40.12) per share, a figure which represents a 47% premium on Instrumentarium's current 
closing price. However, the deal, which analysts believe will close in 2003, will need 80% approval from 
Instrumentarium's shareholders and will also require the approval of regulators. Upon completion of the merger, 
GE hopes to combine the operations of Instrumentarium with those of GE Medical Systems. Helsinki is set to 
become the European headquarters of GE Medical Systems. 
Why Instrumentarium? 
Instrumentarium's product line includes devices for anaesthesia, critical care and patient monitoring. In 2001 the 
company, which employs 1,2000 people, reported revenue of more than 1bn euro (US$1.03bn) and achieved an 
operating profit of 130m euro (see Finland: 8 November 2002: Instrumentarium Posts Strong Q3 Results). 
Currently, about half of Instrumentarium's profits are derived from the US and about one-third from Europe. In 
order to enter into the critical-care market in the US, Instrumentarium earlier this year purchased US company 
Spacelabs Medical for 142m euro (US$146.26m) (see Finland: 5 July 2002: Instrumentarium Confirms 
Acquisition of Spacelabs Medical). As a profitable, medium-sized medical equipment manufacturer, 
Instrumentarium thus represents an ideal target for GE as it seeks to expand its presence in Europe. 
What is in it for General Electric Medical Systems? 
GE Medical Systems is currently one of the biggest medical-instrument makers in the world. It specialises in 
making imaging and X-ray machines, along with a number of other medical instruments. For 2002 it is expected 
to report revenue of US$9bn. However, the company has a sales target of US$15bn by 2015, and it is expected 
that at least part of this will be achieved through acquisitions. 
The acquisition of Instrumentarium represents a significant feather in the cap of GE's chief executive officer 
(CEO), Jeffrey Immelt, who before taking over as CEO headed the company's medical business. It is understood 
that Immelt played a personal role in the negotiations and was familiar with a number of people in the talks.

Page 8 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Although GE Medical Systems has been buying other smaller medical-equipment companies in recent months 
(see United States: 9 August 2002: GE to Buy TRW Sensor Unit), none of these previous acquisitions have 
approached the same size as Instrumentarium. This latest purchase underlines a renewed desire on the part of 
GE to expand its presence in Europe, following its failed takeover bid for Honeywell International Inc. in 2001. 
After the European Commission blocked the proposed US$41bn Honeywell merger, GE undertook a significant 
large-scale advertising campaign in Europe to raise and improve its profile there, as well as to improve the 
chances of its future mergers being approved by the competition authorities. 
Outlook and Implications 
Although the Instrumentarium deal still needs the approval of shareholders and regulators, the purchase 
represents the continuation of GE's strategy of expanding its overall size and presence in the European market. 
In the medium term more such mergers can be expected, if GE Medical Systems is to achieve its aim of reaching 
US$15bn in sales by 2005, though some of this amount can be expected to come from organic growth. During the 
medium-long term the medical equipment market is expected to take an increased share of the broader 
healthcare market because, as the 'baby-boomers' born in the 1960s continue to age, their demand for 
increasingly sophisticated surgery and critical care will increase. 
WMRC Contact Gareth Leather gareth.leather@wmrc.com 
Document wdan000020021218dyci0004l

Page 9 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE 4-GE to buy Finland's Instrumentarium for 2 bln euros. 
UPDATE 4-GE to buy Finland's Instrumentarium for 2 bln euros. 
By Nina Garlo 
822 words 
18 December 2002 
09:34 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2002 Reuters Limited 
(Recasts with GE comments and details in paragraphs 4, 14, 19, 22, 24) 
HELSINKI, Dec 18 (Reuters) - General Electric Co (GE.N) said on Wednesday it will purchase Instrumentarium, 
the Finnish maker of critical care patient monitors, for two billion euros ($2.06 billion) in cash to bolster its fast 
growing medical business. 
Shares in Instrumentarium (INS1V.HE), one of the best performing stocks in Helsinki for the last two years, 
soared 41 percent on the news to 38.40 euros, off earlier record highs. 
General Electric will offer 40 euros per share, a 47-percent premium to Instrumentarium's closing share price on 
Tuesday. 
"In the changing world of healthcare we have become a more formidable company," GE Chief Executive Jeffrey 
Immelt told a news conference in Helsinki. "We think that this is a great investment for GE investors by and 
large." 
The boards of both companies had agreed to the deal, which would be launched in 30 days, Instrumentarium 
said. 
Immelt said that the acquisition would boost the earnings per share in 2003 for the world's second-largest 
company by market capitalisation. 
GE said only on Tuesday it expected to raise between $5-10 billion from asset sales next year as part of a shift 
into higher growth technology and consumer finance businesses. 
GE said Instrumentarium will be combined with its GE Medical Systems unit, allowing it to provide a 
complementary range of anesthesia monitoring and delivery, critical care, infant care and diagnostic imaging 
products. Helsinki will become the European headquarters. 
The deal is expected to close in 2003. It needs 80 percent approval from shareholders in the Finnish company, as 
well as regulatory clearance. 
Analysts in Helsinki said it was a good deal for both sides. They said GE, which makes products ranging from jet 
engines to household appliances, was buying a profitable firm with a bright future and well positioned in Europe 
and the United States. 
"Instrumentarium has put itself in good condition lately by, for instance, selling its optical business and buying 
(U.S.) Spacelabs to help make it a clearly interesting target for bigger players," said Pekka Suhonen, an analyst 
at Finnish brokerage Opstock, who has a "hold" rating on the stock. 
COUP FOR IMMELT 
The planned acquisition would be a coup for Immelt, who took over from Jack Welch more than a year ago. He 
previously headed GE's growing medical business. 
GE Medical Systems makes imaging, X-ray and other medical devices, and is expected to report revenue of 
about $9 billion in 2002. The GE unit is targeting sales of roughly $15 billion by 2005, in part driven by 
acquisitions.

Page 10 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"There is a certain amount of synergies, (but) this is a growth acquisition," said GE Medical Systems CEO Joseph 
Hogan. 
Earlier this week, GE reiterated forecasts it would earn $1.51 a share this year, a seven percent rise from last 
year. It hopes to increase earnings to between $1.55 and $1.70 a share next year, which is in line with 
expectations from analysts. 
Instrumentarium focuses on making systems and software for operating rooms and critical care areas of 
hospitals. It also makes medical equipment, a fast-growing market. 
GE shares have fallen 35 percent this year due to deepening concerns over the risk profile of its finance unit, 
weakening demand for gas turbines after several years of booming growth and losses from its reinsurance 
business. 
Instrumentarium shares have risen almost 70 percent this year, boosted by the firm's strong earnings and hopes 
its business will benefit as a generation of baby-boomers ages. 
A rising number of people will need critical care and surgery in coming years as the population ages. Devices 
produced by companies such as Instrumentarium can help cut the time patients are required to stay in hospital. 
Analysts said they did not expect a rival bid. 
"A competing bid is unlikely given that there are few competitors in this space - Philips bought Agilent from Tyco 
two years ago and Siemens has not expressed an interest in expanding in anaesthesia and critical care," said 
analysts at UBS Warburg in London. 
GE's Hogan said he did not see any reason why they would have to divest anything to win regulatory approval. 
Instrumentarium, a company more than 100 years old, posted profits before extraordinary items of 104 million 
euros on sales of 1.03 billion euros last year. It has said it expects earnings in 2002 to be in line with those of 
2001 despite high costs linked to its purchase of U.S. company Spacelabs Medical. 
Goldman Sachs advised GE Medical Systems and Credit Suisse First Boston advised Instrumentarium, which 
has staff of 5,400. GE employs more than 300,000. (Additional reporting by Jed Seltzer in New York, Ben 
Hirschler in London, Brett Young and Paul de Bendern in Helsinki). 
Document lba0000020021218dyci00rxm

Page 11 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE CEO says Finnish purchase to boost 2003 group EPS. 
GE CEO says Finnish purchase to boost 2003 group EPS. 
105 words 
18 December 2002 
05:05 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2002 Reuters Limited 
HELSINKI, Dec 18 (Reuters) - General Electric Co (GE.N) Chief Executive Jeffrey Immelt said on Wednesday 
he expected the planned purchase of Finland's Instrumentarium (INS1V.HE) to boost the U.S. giant's earnings 
per share in 2003. 
"We expect it to be accretive to GE shareholders," Immelt told a news conference in Helsinki. When asked if this 
meant GE's earnings per share in 2003 would be boosted by the purchase, he said: "Yes". 
Earlier, General Electric Co said it planned to purchase Instrumentarium for two billion euro ($2.06 billion) in 
cash. 
Document lba0000020021218dyci00jak

Page 12 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE 5-GE to buy Finnish medical device maker for $2.1 bln. 
UPDATE 5-GE to buy Finnish medical device maker for $2.1 bln. 
By Susan Nadeau and Nina Garlo 
783 words 
18 December 2002 
14:14 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2002 Reuters Limited 
(Recasts, adds GE background, updates stock action, adds second dateline/byline) 
CHICAGO/HELSINKI, Dec 18 (Reuters) - General Electric Co. said Wednesday it will buy Instrumentarium 
(INS1V.HE), a Finnish company that makes anesthesia and critical-care medical systems, for $2.06 billion in cash 
to bolster its already fast-growing health-care equipment business. 
GE would combine Instrumentarium with its GE Medical Systems unit, which with about $10 billion in annual 
revenue is itself bigger than most of its peers. 
GE Medical said the acquisition - which would be its largest ever - is part of its plan to take part in treating 
disease, not just monitoring and diagnosing it. 
Fairfield, Connecticut-based GE, a $126 billion conglomerate has offered to pay 40 euros per share, a 47 percent 
premium to Instrumentarium's Tuesday closing stock price. 
Shares of Instrumentarium, one of the best performing stocks in Helsinki for the last two years, soared 40 
percent on the news to 38.30 euros, off earlier record highs. 
In afternoon New York Stock Exchange trade, GE eased 19 cents to $25.81. 
One of the company's most profitable units, GE Medical Systems is said to be one of the most scrutinized. 
General Electric Chief Executive Jeffrey Immelt headed the medical systems business before taking the helm of 
the conglomerate from Jack Welch. 
At a news conference in Helsinki, Immelt said GE considers Instrumentarium "a great investment." 
The boards of both companies have agreed to the deal, and GE plans to initiate a tender offer in 30 days. 
Immelt said the acquisition would boost earnings per share in 2003 for GE, which makes everything from jet 
engines to appliances to light bulbs. 
The company had just said on Tuesday it expected to raise between $5 billion and $10 billion from asset sales 
next year as part of a shift into higher growth technology and consumer finance businesses. 
GE and Instrumentarium said they expect the deal to close in 2003. GE needs 80 percent approval from 
shareholders in the Finnish company, as well as regulatory clearance. 
Analysts in Helsinki said the deal would benefit both companies, with GE buying a profitable company that is well 
positioned in Europe and the United States. 
Pekka Suhonen of Finnish brokerage Opstock said Instrumentarium has become an interesting target after 
selling its optical business and buying Redmond, Washington-based Spacelabs, which makes hospital 
equipment. Suhonen has a "hold" rating on the stock. 
GROWTH ACQUISITION

Page 13 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE Medical Systems makes imaging, X-ray and other medical devices and is targeting sales of roughly $15 billion 
by 2005, up from $8 billion in 2001. The unit's CEO, Joseph Hogan, has said he expected about 30 percent of 
planned revenue growth would come from acquisitions. 
"There is a certain amount of synergies, (but the Instrumentarium deal) is a growth acquisition," Hogan said on 
Wednesday. 
Instrumentarium focuses on making systems and software for operating rooms and critical-care areas of 
hospitals. It also makes medical equipment, a fast-growing market. A rising number of people will need critical 
care and surgery in coming years as the population ages. 
As a start, GE Medical said it would combine Instrumentarium's anesthesia delivery technology with its own 
patient monitoring technology and information systems equipment. As a result, anesthesiologists would no longer 
have to continuously record the patient's vital signs - the systems would do that automatically. 
Shares of Instrumentarium have risen almost 70 percent this year, boosted by its strong earnings and hopes 
that its business will benefit as the baby-boomer generation ages. 
At the same time, GE stock has fallen 35 percent due to deepening concerns over the risk profile of its finance 
unit, weakening demand for gas turbines after several years of booming growth, and losses from its reinsurance 
business. 
Earlier this week, GE reiterated forecasts that it will earn $1.51 a share this year, up 7 percent from 2001. It hopes 
to increase earnings to between $1.55 and $1.70 a share next year, in line with analysts' expectations. 
GE Medical's Hogan said he sees no reason why the companies would have to divest anything to win regulatory 
approval. 
Instrumentarium, a company more than 100 years old, posted profit of 104 million euros before extraordinary 
items on sales of 1.03 billion euros last year. It has said it expects earnings in 2002 to be in line with those of 
2001 despite high costs linked to the Spacelabs purchase in July. (Additional reporting by Jed Seltzer in New 
York, Ben Hirschler in London, Brett Young and Paul de Bendern in Helsinki). 
Document lba0000020021218dyci00e75

Page 14 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE plans to buy medical firm Instrumentarium-report. 
GE plans to buy medical firm Instrumentarium-report. 
233 words 
18 December 2002 
00:02 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2002 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, Dec 17 (Reuters) - General Electric Co. (GE.N) is near an agreement to acquire Instrumentarium 
Corp. (INS1V.HE), one of Europe's biggest medical-equipment makers, for about $2 billion, people familiar with 
the situation told the Wall Street Journal on Tuesday. 
The transaction could still fall apart, but terms have been approved by GE's board, and Instrumentarium's board 
was expected to meet to sign off on the deal, the article said. An announcement is expected on Wednesday. 
The planned acquisition would be a coup for GE Chief Executive Jeffrey Immelt, who took over GE's helm from 
John Welch Jr. more than a year ago. Immelt, who previously headed GE's medical business, played a role in the 
negotiations with Instrumentarium of Helsinki, Finland, the article said, citing people familiar with the talks. 
The division, GE Medical Systems, makes imaging, X-ray and other medical devices, and is expected to report 
2002 revenue of about $9 billion. The GE unit is targeting sales of roughly $15 billion by 2005, in part driven by 
acquisitions. 
A spokesman for Instrumentarium declined to comment to the newspaper. Officials at GE were not immediately 
available to comment late on Tuesday. 
GE Medical Systems has been buying smaller medical-equipment companies in recent months, although none 
has approached the size of Instrumentarium, the article said. 
Document lba0000020021218dyci008yi

Page 15 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE nears medical purchase 
Report on Business: The Wall Street Journal 
GE nears medical purchase 
ANITA RAGHAVAN, GAUTAM NAIK and RACHEL EMMA SILVERMAN 
Wall Street Journal 
418 words 
18 December 2002 
The Globe and Mail 
GLOB 
Metro 
B10 
English 
"All material Copyright (c) Bell Globemedia Publishing Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved." 
General Electric Co. is nearing an agreement to acquire Instrumentarium Corp., one of Europe's biggest medical 
equipment makers, for about $2-billion (U.S.), further boosting GE's fast-growing medical systems business, 
people familiar with the situation said. 
The transaction could still fall apart. But terms have been approved by GE's board, and Instrumentarium's board 
was expected to meet this morning to sign off on the deal, the people said. An announcement is expected today. 
Separately, GE, a Fairfield, Conn., holding company and one of the most widely held stocks in the U.S., 
reaffirmed its previously lowered earnings forecast for this year and reiterated its profit outlook for 2003. GE 
chairman and chief executive officer Jeffrey Immelt said at an analysts meeting that he expects "continued slow 
economic growth," but added that he doesn't foresee a "double dip" into recession. 
In 4 p.m. New York Stock Exchange composite trading, GE was at $26, down 43 cents. GE shares are down 35 
per cent since the beginning of the year, as investors have been concerned with the company's long-term outlook 
and quality of earnings. 
The planned acquisition would be a feather in the cap for Mr. Immelt, who took over GE's helm from John F. 
Welch Jr. more than a year ago. Mr. Immelt, who previously headed GE's medical business, personally played a 
role in his company's negotiations with Instrumentarium of Helsinki, Finland, people familiar with the talks said. 
The GE Medical Systems division makes imaging, X-ray and other medical devices. 
A spokesman for Instrumentarium declined to comment. 
Medical instruments are a fast-growing segment of the larger health care market. As baby boomers age, more 
people require surgery and critical care, which call for products such as those made by GE and Instrumentarium. 
Innovative medical devices can help reduce the amount of time patients spend in hospitals. 
GE Medical Systems, which is expected to report 2002 revenue of about $9-billion, is one of the world's largest 
players in the sector. Rivals include the medical equipment divisions of Germany's Siemens AG, Phillips NV of 
the Netherlands and Toshiba Corp. of Japan. The GE unit is targeting sales of roughly $15-billion by 2005, in part 
driven by acquisitions. GE Medical Systems has been buying smaller medical equipment companies in recent 
months. 
Document glob000020021218dyci0006v

Page 16 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Finland healthcare: GE to buy medical group for (Euro)2bn 
Industry trends 
Finland healthcare: GE to buy medical group for (Euro)2bn 
545 words 
18 December 2002 
EIU - Executive Briefing 
EXBR 
Executive Briefing 
Number: 310 
English 
(C) 2002 The Economist Intelligence Unit Ltd. 
FROM THE FINANCIAL TIMES 
General Electric,the US industrial and financial group, on Wednesday agreed to buy Instrumentarium, a Finnish 
medical equipment group for (Euro)2bn (US$2.06bn) in a move aimed at expanding its medical unit. 
The Finnish group said GE will offer (Euro) 40 per share, a 47% premium to Instrumentarium's closing price on 
Tuesday, with the offer expected to be launched in 30 days. The deal, expected to close in 2003, needs 80% 
approval from Instrumentarium shareholders and regulatory approval. 
In early trade in Helsinki on Wednesday, Instrumentarium shares rose 42% to (Euro)38.70. 
"Upon completion of the tender offer, GE intends to combine the operations of Instrumentarium with GE Medical 
Systems, and Helsinki will become the European headquarters for the GE Medical Systems ... business," 
Instrumentarium said on Wednesday. 
"This is an extremely important business for GE, and we plan to grow Instrumentarium even further by investing 
in new technologies to improve clinical workflow, physician confidence, and patient outcomes," said Jeffery 
Immelt, chairman and chief executive of GE. 
GE told analysts on Tuesday it wanted to expand organically and through acquisitions in healthcare information 
technology. It has made 25 acquisitions in this sector in recent years, it said. 
Jeffrey Immelt, GE chief executive, told analysts that Europe was one area where GE was planning "very 
substantial" growth. He made no mention of a deal with Instrumentarium. 
The Finnish group operates in anaesthesia critical care and medical equipment. It sold its small optical retail 
operations in November. 
Anaesthesia and critical care is its key division, accounting for 70% of sales last year. This division also produces 
equipment and monitoring systems for intensive care areas in hospitals. 
To get into the US critical care market, Instrumentarium earlier this year spent (Euro)142m on a US company 
called Spacelabs Medical. It now generates more than half its sales in the US. 
Spacelabs is expected to show a positive operating result in the final quarter of this year and is regarded as a key 
driver of group growth. 
Even without Spacelabs, the group reported organic sales growth in the US of 12% in the first nine months. 
Instrumentarium on Tuesday re-iterated that it would report full-year earnings per share of (Euro)1.5, flat 
compared with last year. 
Analysts at Kaupthing Sofi, a Nordic investment bank, on Tuesday issued a bullish note on Instrumentarium 
while initiating coverage with a "buy" rating and (Euro)35 target price. The shares closed 95 cents higher on 
Tuesday at (Euro)27. 
"Instrumentarium is a highly interesting company with excellent track record on how to manage growth and 
costs. The investment case of a defensive growth company is very attractive," Kaupthing said.

Page 17 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Kaupthing expects Instrumentarium to post 2002 diluted earnings per share of (Euro)2.60 and in 2003 of 
(Euro)1.71. 
In June, GE Capital revealed plans to establish a dedicated mergers and acquisitions team to target struggling 
industrial groups in Europe. Nani Beccalli, president and chief executive of GE Europe, hired specialists for a 
team, based in Brussels and London, to look for takeovers in power generation, medical equipment and industrial 
systems. 
Executive Briefing 18 Dec 2002, Part 1 of 3 
Document exbr000020021219dyci00008

Page 18 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE In Talks With Finnish Medical Grp Instrumentarium - FT 
GE In Talks With Finnish Medical Grp Instrumentarium - FT 
434 words 
17 December 2002 
19:11 
Dow Jones International News 
DJI 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2002, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
TOKYO -(Dow Jones)- General Electric Co. (GE), the U.S. industrial and financial group, is understood to have 
made a takeover approach worth more than EUR2 billion to Instrumentarium (INMRY), a Finnish medical 
equipment group, the Financial Times reported on its Web site Wednesday. 
Instrumentarium's board is believed to have agreed to the offer, and a deal could happen as early as 
Wednesday, the FT said. 
News of the approach came as GE told analysts Tuesday it wanted to expand organically and through 
acquisitions in healthcare information technology. It has made 25 acquisitions in this sector in recent years, it 
said. 
Jeffrey Immelt, GE chief executive, told analysts that Europe was one area where GE was planning "very 
substantial" growth. He made no mention of a deal with Instrumentarium. 
The Finnish group specializes in anesthesia critical care and medical equipment. It sold its small optical retail 
operations in November. 
Anesthesia and critical care is its key division, accounting for 70% of sales last year. This division also produces 
equipment and monitoring systems for intensive care areas in hospitals. 
To get into the U.S. critical care market, Instrumentarium earlier this year spent EUR142 million on a U.S. 
company called Spacelabs Medical. It now generates more than half its sales in the U.S. 
Spacelabs is expected to show a positive operating result in the final quarter of this year and is regarded as a key 
driver of group growth. 
Even without Spacelabs, the group reported organic sales growth in the U.S. of 12% in the first nine months. 
Instrumentarium on Tuesday reiterated that it would report full-year earnings per share of EUR1.5, flat 
compared with last year. 
Analysts at Kaupthing Sofi, a Nordic investment bank, on Tuesday issued a bullish note on Instrumentarium 
while initiating coverage with a "buy" rating and a EUR35 target price. The shares closed 95 cents higher on 
Tuesday at EUR27. 
"Instrumentarium is a highly interesting company with an excellent track record on how to manage growth and 
costs. The investment case of a defensive growth company is very attractive," Kaupthing said. 
Kaupthing expects Instrumentarium to post 2002 diluted earnings per share of EUR2.60 and in 2003 of 
EUR1.71. 
In June, GE Capital revealed plans to establish a dedicated mergers and acquisitions team to target struggling 
industrial groups in Europe. Nani Beccalli, president and chief executive of GE Europe, hired specialists for a 
team, based in Brussels and London, to look for takeovers in power generation, medical equipment and industrial 
systems, the FT reported. 
Document dji0000020021218dyci0000g

Page 19 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE in talks with Finnish medical group. 
GE in talks with Finnish medical group. 
By CHARLES PRETZLIK IN LONDON AND NICHOLAS GEORGE IN STOCKHOLM. 
418 words 
17 December 2002 
Financial Times (FT.Com) 
FTCOM 
English 
(c) 2002 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
General Electric, the US industrial and financial group, is understood to have made a takeover approach worth 
more than EUR2bn to Instrumentarium, a Finnish medical equipment group. 
Instrumentarium's board is believed to have agreed to the offer, and a deal could happen as early as 
Wednesday. 
News of the approach came as GE told analysts on Tuesday it wanted to expand organically and through 
acquisitions in healthcare information technology. It has made 25 acquisitions in this sector in recent years, it 
said. 
Jeffrey Immelt, GE chief executive, told analysts that Europe was one area where GE was planning "very 
substantial" growth. He made no mention of a deal with Instrumentarium. 
The Finnish group operates in anaesthesia critical care and medical equipment. It sold its small optical retail 
operations in November. 
Anaesthesia and critical care is its key division, accounting for 70 per cent of sales last year. This division also 
produces equipment and monitoring systems for intensive care areas in hospitals. 
To get into the US critical care market, Instrumentarium earlier this year spent EUR142m on a US company 
called Spacelabs Medical. It now generates more than half its sales in the US. 
Spacelabs is expected to show a positive operating result in the final quarter of this year and is regarded as a key 
driver of group growth. 
Even without Spacelabs, the group reported organic sales growth in the US of 12 per cent in the first nine months. 
Instrumentarium on Tuesday re-iterated that it would report full-year earnings per share of EUR1.5, flat 
compared with last year. 
Analysts at Kaupthing Sofi, a Nordic investment bank, on Tuesday issued a bullish note on Instrumentarium 
while initiating coverage with a "buy" rating and EUR35 target price. The shares closed 95 cents higher on 
Tuesday at EUR27. 
"Instrumentarium is a highly interesting company with excellent track record on how to manage growth and 
costs. The investment case of a defensive growth company is very attractive," Kaupthing said. 
Kaupthing expects Instrumentarium to post 2002 diluted earnings per share of EUR2.60 and in 2003 of 
EUR1.71. 
In June, GE Capital revealed plans to establish a dedicated mergers and acquisitions team to target struggling 
industrial groups in Europe. Nani Beccalli, president and chief executive of GE Europe, hired specialists for a 
team, based in Brussels and London, to look for takeovers in power generation, medical equipment and industrial 
systems. 
Document ftcom00020021218dych0006n 
Search Summary

Page 20 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Text Jeffrey Immelt AND INstrumentarium 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2003 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company General Electric Co. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

