Page 1 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Corporate News: Staples to Buy Rival Retailer On Raised Bid.......................................................................................2 
Staples CEO is confident in offer ....................................................................................................................................4 
Dutch company rejects buyout bid from Staples .............................................................................................................6 
Staples springs Euros 2.5bn offer for Dutch rival office supplier.....................................................................................7 
Staples offers Euros 2.5bn for Dutch rival.......................................................................................................................9 
UPDATE: Staples Makes Hostile $3.7 Billion Offer For Corporate Express .................................................................10 
UPDATE: Corporate Express Rejects Staples Offer As Too Low.................................................................................11

Page 2 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Corporate News: Staples to Buy Rival Retailer On Raised Bid 
Corporate News: Staples to Buy Rival Retailer On Raised Bid 
By Joseph Pereira and Stefan Kloet 
334 words 
12 June 2008 
The Wall Street Journal 
J
B4 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2008, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
Corporate Express NV agreed to a sweetened takeover offer from U.S. rival Staples Inc., in a deal that will 
stretch Staples's lead in selling office supplies and make it the leader in handling large orders for big businesses. 
Staples valued the acquisition at $4.8 billion, including $1.55 billion in debt it is buying as part of the deal. It 
overcame the initial opposition of Amsterdam-based Corporate Express after increasing its bid for the third time, 
to 9.25 euros ($14.39) a share. Corporate Express also agreed to call off a potentially blocking merger with 
France's Lyreco SAS. 
"The recent paper-clip wars are finally over," Ronald Sargent, Staples's chief executive, said in an interview. 
The acquisition, subject to a Corporate Express shareholder vote, will be Staples's largest and increase its sales 
by about 50% to an expected $30 billion this year. It gives the company expanded contract sales to large 
businesses in Europe, Australia and the U.S. Staples stands to gain clout in negotiating prices with suppliers, and 
may be able to lift the lower profit margins of Corporate Express to higher levels -- about 11% pretax -- that it 
attains in contract sales, a fast growing area. 
The deal could put pressure on rivals Office Depot Inc. and OfficeMax Inc. to make acquisitions. But the smaller 
firms, which have been through a bruising retail battle with Staples in recent years, may not be in a position to 
stage any big deals. 
Staples, of Framingham, Mass., has the biggest retail sales, but had trailed Office Depot in contract business. 
Now its sales on the nonretail side will be roughly double those of its nearest rival. 
Anthony Chukumba, analyst for FTN Midwest Research Inc., estimates Staples's earnings per share will increase 
12% to 14% next year as a result of the merger. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service

Page 3 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Document J000000020080612e46c0003v

Page 4 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Staples CEO is confident in offer 
Corporate News 
Staples CEO is confident in offer 
By Joseph Pereira and Stefan Kloet 
569 words 
6 June 2008 
The Wall Street Journal Europe 
WSJE 
6
English 
(Copyright (c) 2008, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
The chief executive of Staples Inc. said he was confident the company's sweetened tender offer for Corporate 
Express NV would succeed, enabling Staples to gain control of the Dutch office-supplies concern. 
In an interview, Ronald Sargent said he expected U.S.-based Staples would receive at least 51% of Corporate 
Express shares in the offer -- the minimum required under terms of the offer. The management of Corporate 
Express, which had rejected previous offers as inadequate, is reviewing the latest terms, which value the 
company at $3.15 billion. 
Mr. Sargent, who was on a two-day visit to the Netherlands, said he has been in talks with Corporate Express 
shareholders, labor unions representing its employees and the SPA Corporate Express Foundation, a protective 
trust authorized by Corporate Express that has the power to issue dilutive shares as a defensive move against a 
takeover. 
Staples, the biggest U.S. office supplier by revenue, launched a hostile bid for Amsterdam-based Corporate 
Express in mid-February and has since raised its offer twice -- from an initial 7.25 euros($11.19) a share to 9.15 
euros a share. 
Mr. Sargent said he isn't inclined to offer more. "I don't think there's any reason for raising the offer any more 
based on what we know now," he said. "Shareholders seem to be very supportive of the deal at the current price 
and there's no indication that to get to our target number of tendered shares we will need to increase the price." 
Mr. Sargent said his conversations with the various European groups are aimed at playing up the attractiveness 
of a combination and to dispel any fears a takeover would result in a downsizing of Corporate Express's 
European operations or staff. 
Staples lowered the minimum tender-offer acceptance level to 51% from 75% after Corporate Express unveiled 
a plan to buy Lyreco SAS of France in a move to thwart the American bid. A vote by Corporate Express holders 
on that merger is scheduled for June 18. 
Staples's offer is contingent on shareholders voting "no" at the meeting. Staples has said that holders of 23.3% of 
Corporate Express stock already have tendered their shares to Staples and have agreed to vote against the 
Lyreco combination. 
Mr. Sargent said owning 51% or more of Corporate Express "would put us in a position where we could make 
some decisions that would move us forward." He said, "We'll be very influential with a right to elect board 
members, among other things." Mr. Sargent said Staples had the option of buying Corporate Express shares on 
the open market. Corporate Express shares rose two European cents to 9.02 euros in Amsterdam trading 
Thursday. 
One visit Mr. Sargent said he won't be making during this trip is one to the executive offices of Corporate 
Express. "Our view is that up until now Corporate Express would prefer the transaction with Lyreco, that's been 
their position and there's no indication that they're changing that stance." 
Mr. Sargent also discounted a wire-service news report that Corporate Express has agreed to open its books to 
Staples. "We have not been given any permission to do any due diligence at this point," he said. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service

Page 5 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Document WSJE000020080606e4660003i

Page 6 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Dutch company rejects buyout bid from Staples 
BUSINESS 
Dutch company rejects buyout bid from Staples 
Bloomberg AP and Staff Reports 
176 words 
20 February 2008 
Tulsa World 
TUL 
FINAL HOME 
E1 
English 
© 2008 World Publishing Company. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All rights reserved. 
Corporate Express NV, an office supplies delivery company based 
in Amsterdam, Netherlands, swiftly rejected an unsolicited buyout 
offer Tuesday from Staples Inc., saying the office products 
supplier's $3.67 billion bid was too low. 
Staples, the world's largest office products supplier, said it 
had offered to pay a hefty premium in an all-cash bid for 
Corporate Express. 
"We have been disappointed that you have not been willing to do 
so," said 
Ronald Sargent, chairman and CEO of Framingham, Mass.- 
based Staples, in a letter to Corporate Express' board and CEO. 
The European company, in a news release about two hours after 
Staples announced its bid, said "this proposal significantly 
undervalues the company and fails to reflect Corporate Express' 
prospects." 
Staples said it would pay 7.25 euros -- equal to $10.63 -- per 
share for 
Corporate Express. It said that amount represents a 67 
percent premium to Corporate Express' closing share price Feb. 4, 
before rumors of an offer started circulating. 
Document TUL0000020080225e42k000c6

Page 7 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Staples springs Euros 2.5bn offer for Dutch rival office supplier. 
COMPANIES - EUROPE 
Staples springs Euros 2.5bn offer for Dutch rival office supplier. 
By JONATHAN BIRCHALL and MICHAEL STEEN 
437 words 
20 February 2008 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
USA Ed1 
Page 19 
English 
(c) 2008 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
Staples, the US office supplies company, yesterday offered to buy Corporate Express, a Dutch rival with a 
significant US customer base, for Euros 7.25 per share, valuing the Dutch group at about*Euros 2.5bn (Dollars 
3.7bn). 
Staples said its all-cash offer was not subject to financing and wrote to Peter Ventress, chief executive of 
Corporate Express, to urge him to enter takeover talks. 
The Dutch company rejected the offer, saying it was unsolicited and undervalued the company. 
"Corporate Express is of the opinion that this proposal significantly undervalues the company and fails to reflect 
Corporate Express's prospects. 
"We do not believe the proposal is in the best interests of our shareholders and other stakeholders," it said in a 
statement. 
"We therefore reject this proposal and reiterate our commitment to pursuing our declared strategy." 
Corporate Express shares jumped nearly 40 per cent to Euros 7.59 after news of the offer. 
Its depressed stock market price has long made the company the subject of takeover speculation. 
Ronald Sargent, chief executive of Staples, said in the letter to Mr Ventress that Staples had made "repeated" 
attempts over several months to discuss a takeover. 
"We have been disappointed that you have not been willing to do so," he wrote. 
Corporate Express, formerly known as Buhrmann, is one of four companies - along with Staples, Office Depot 
and Office Max - that control 25 per cent of the global office supplies market. 
This month the Dutch company reported its first sales growth in its US business in over a year, after a strategic 
review and management shake-up last October that included the appointment of Mr Ventress as chief executive. 
The revelation last year that Centaurus, the activist hedge fund behind break-up calls at several Dutch 
companies, had built up a 5 per cent stake fuelled renewed takeover speculation. The Staples offer represents a 
67 per cent premium to the share price before a report this month, denied by Corporate Express, that Staples 
was in early talks with the company. 
Staples has been gradually expanding its presence in western Europe, with a series of smaller acquisitions since 
entering the German and UK markets in the early 1990s. 
Corporate Express specialises in selling office goods directly to businesses under contract, a business model 
Staples operates in the US, and in Europe through an alliance with Lyreco. 
Through a takeover it would gain access to Corporate Express's contract deliveries business in Europe, 
Australia, New Zealand and Canada.

Page 8 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
20080220U119.495 
Document FTFT000020080220e42k00060

Page 9 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Staples offers Euros 2.5bn for Dutch rival. 
COMPANIES - INTERNATIONAL 
Staples offers Euros 2.5bn for Dutch rival. 
By JONATHAN BIRCHALL and MICHAEL STEEN 
291 words 
20 February 2008 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
London Ed2 
Page 27 
English 
(c) 2008 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
Staples, the US office supplies company, yesterday offered to buy Corporate Express, a Dutch rival with a 
significant US customer base, for Euros 7.25 per share, valuing the Dutch group at about*Euros 2.5bn (Dollars 
3.7bn). 
Staples said its all-cash offer was not subject to financing and wrote to Peter Ventress, chief executive of 
Corporate Express, to urge him to enter takeover talks. 
The Dutch company rejected the offer, saying it was unsolicited and undervalued the company. 
"Corporate Express is of the opinion that this proposal significantly undervalues the company and fails to reflect 
Corporate Express's prospects," it said in a statement. 
"We do not believe the proposal is in the best interests of our shareholders and other stakeholders. 
"We therefore reject this proposal and reiterate our commitment to pursuing our declared strategy." 
Corporate Express shares jumped nearly 40 per cent to Euros 7.59 following news of the offer. 
Its depressed stock market price has long made the company the subject of takeover speculation. 
Ronald Sargent, chief executive of Staples, said in the letter to Mr Ventress that Staples had made "repeated" 
attempts over several months to discuss a takeover. 
"We have been disappointed that you have not been willing to do so," he wrote. 
Corporate Express, formerly known as Buhrmann, is one of four companies - along with Staples, Office Depot 
and Office Max - that control 25 per cent of the global office supplies market. 
The Staples offer represents a 67 per cent premium to the share price before a report in early February, denied 
by Corporate Express, that Staples was in early talks with the company. 
20080220L227.083 
Document FTFT000020080220e42k0005b

Page 10 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE: Staples Makes Hostile $3.7 Billion Offer For Corporate Express 
UPDATE: Staples Makes Hostile $3.7 Billion Offer For Corporate Express 
257 words 
19 February 2008 
11:11 
Dow Jones Business News 
DJON 
English 
(c) 2008 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
By Steve Goldstein 
LONDON (Dow Jones) -- Staples Inc. announced Tuesday a 2.5 billion euro ($3.7 billion) hostile offer for 
European office-supplies chain Corporate Express, asserting the Dutch company should accept its acquisition 
bid rather than wait for its own restructuring plan to go ahead. 
Staples (SPLS) said it's offering 7.25 euros in cash for each share of Corporate Express (CXP), a 67% premium 
to where the target's shares traded before Feb. 4, when rumors of a bid surfaced. 
Corporate Express shares surged 41% to 7.65 euros in afternoon European trading, indicating that market 
players expect Framingham, Mass.-based Staples or another suitor to come back with a better offer. 
Corporate Express declined to make an immediate comment. 
Staples published a letter sent to Corporate Express CEO Peter Ventress from its own chief executive, Ronald 
Sargent. 
"Over the last several months, we have made repeated attempts to engage in discussions with you concerning a 
business combination, and we have been disappointed that you have not been willing to do so," Sargent said. 
"We believe strongly that a combination between Staples and Corporate Express will offer significant and certain 
value to Corporate Express' shareholders and other stakeholders and will greatly enhance our ability to serve 
customers throughout the world," the letter said. 
No financing is needed for a deal to move forward, Staples added. 
Staples shares rose 26 cents to $22.29 in early U.S. trading. [ 02-19-08 1111ET ] 
Document DJON000020080219e42j0000r

Page 11 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE: Corporate Express Rejects Staples Offer As Too Low 
UPDATE: Corporate Express Rejects Staples Offer As Too Low 
565 words 
19 February 2008 
11:30 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(c) 2008 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
BOSTON (AP)-- Corporate Express NV (CXP) on Tuesday swiftly rejected an unsolicited buyout offer from 
Staples Inc. (SPLS), saying the office products supplier's $3.67 billion bid was too low. 
Staples, the world's largest office products supplier, disclosed Tuesday it had offered to pay a hefty premium in an 
all-cash bid for Corporate Express. 
"Corporate Express is of the opinion that this proposal significantly undervalues the company and fails to reflect 
Corporate Express' prospects," the Netherlands-based office supplies delivery firm said in a news release, about 
two hours after Staples announced its bid. 
Corporate Express said the offer was not in its shareholders' best interests. 
"We therefore reject this proposal and reiterate our commitment to pursuing our declared strategy," the company 
said. 
Staples' offer for Corporate Express came after it made repeated attempts in recent months to discuss a deal. 
"We have been disappointed that you have not been willing to do so," Staples Chairman and Chief Executive, 
Ronald Sargent, said in a text of a letter to Corporate Express' CEO and board. 
Framingham, Mass.-based Staples said it would pay 7.25 euros - equal to $10.63 - a share for Corporate 
Express. 
Staples said that amount represents a 67% premium to Corporate Express's closing share price on Feb. 4, 
before rumors of an offer started circulating. When measured against Corporate Express's closing price on 
Monday in European trading, the offer represents a premium of about 33%. 
Corporate Express' U.S. shares rose $3.11 to $11.20 Tuesday. Shares of Staples fell 27 cents, or 1.2%, to 
$21.77. 
Staples said its cash offer gives Corporate Express a chance to move quickly after the Dutch company 
announced "strategic reorientation" plans following a recent decline in its stock price, which briefly rose above 
$15 a share on the New York Stock Exchange in July. 
Staples said its offer "would result in superior benefits for Corporate Express' stakeholders, and that such 
benefits can be achieved more completely and quickly than under your strategic reorientation plans, and with a 
higher degree of certainty." 
Staples' delivery business has consistently posted stronger growth than its retail operations in recent years, with 
economic concerns in the U.S. recently weighing on retail growth. 
A purchase of Corporate Express "is an opportunity to gain scale in the fastest-growing, most profitable part of 
the office supplies business," said Anthony Chukumba, an analyst with FTN Midwest Securities. "There would be 
massive opportunities for Staples to have cost synergies by paring back Corporate Express' sales force, as well 
as revenue synergies, by selling customers more services than they're buying right now." 
Corporate Express was known as Buhrmann NV until last spring, when it changed its trading name to that of its 
most well-known brand, the Colorado-based corporation it acquired in 1999.

Page 12 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Corporate Express has contract operations in 20 countries, with total sales of $8 billion in 2006. About half those 
sales came in the U.S. and Canada, and about half the company's 18,000 employees are in the U.S. 
Staples, a 22-year-old firm with about 74,000 employees, had 2006 sales of $18.2 billion. The company has more 
than 2,000 retail stores in 22 countries in North and South America, Europe and Asia. [ 02-19-08 1130ET ] 
Document DJ00000020080219e42j000ea 
Search Summary 
Text Ronald Sargent AND Corporate express 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2009 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Staples, Inc. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

