Page 1 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Family Veto threat to Compaq deal: Hewletts to vote stake against US$21.5B purchase -- Packards now hold key ...... 
2
Hewlett-Packard, Compaq Face Complex Details of Marriage --- Executives Are Put in Place to Deal With Aspects of 
Proposed Merger ............................................................................................................................................................4 
HP adds Indigo to colour portfolio. ..................................................................................................................................6 
DIGITAL NEWS - Hewlett-Packard to acquire Indigo. ....................................................................................................7 
HP and Compaq keep the faith. ......................................................................................................................................8 
HP to acquire outstanding shares of Indigo NV; Move strengthens HP's USD20 billion imaging and printing business 
and propels HP to ...........................................................................................................................................................9 
UPDATE 3-HP, Compaq shares drop more, HP announces printer deal. ....................................................................12 
Compaq, HP Executives Try to Win Over Doubters......................................................................................................14 
H-P, Compaq Beat Drums, but Deal Value Sinks .........................................................................................................16 
Hewlett-Packard, Compaq Continue Lobbying as Investors Drive Shares Lower ........................................................18 
HP acquires Indigo in $882m deal ................................................................................................................................19 
HP to Acquire Outstanding Shares of Indigo NV...........................................................................................................20 
HP invests #71m for 12% stake in Indigo......................................................................................................................23 
Hewlett-Packard CEO Sees Synergies in Possible Consulting Deal ............................................................................24

Page 2 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Family Veto threat to Compaq deal: Hewletts to vote stake against US$21.5B purchase -- Packards now hold key 
Financial Post 
Family Veto threat to Compaq deal: Hewletts to vote stake against US$21.5B purchase -- Packards now 
hold key 
Mark Evans 
Financial Post 
905 words 
7 November 2001 
National Post 
FINP 
National 
FP1 / Front 
English 
(c) National Post 2001. All Rights Reserved. 
Hewlett-Packard Co.'s proposed US$21.5-billion purchase of rival Compaq Computer Corp., which has been 
severely criticized, received a serious setback yesterday when the Hewlett family said they would vote against the 
deal. 
The family owns about 5% of HP, so its opposition would not be enough to scuttle the acquisition and the 
ambitious plans by HP chief executive Carly Fiorina to transform the company, which was started in 1939 by 
William Hewlett and David Packard in a garage in Palo Alto, Calif. 
However, the deal -- and Ms. Fiorina's job -- could disappear if the Packard family, which owns about 10% of HP, 
also decides to oppose it. "That would be another nail on a deal that now has a 40% to 50% chance of surviving," 
said Scott Keller, an analyst at Analytics Research LLC in New York. 
"A 'no' vote by the Packard family would be serious since the Packard family was one of Carly [Fiorina's] original 
supporters. If, for some reason, they changed their tune, it could signal the end of her reign." 
In a statement yesterday, three of William Hewlett's children -- Walter Hewlett, Eleanor Hewlett Gimon and Mary 
Hewlett Jaffe, and the family trust -- said they would vote against the Compaq deal. "After careful deliberation, 
consultation with my financial advisor and consideration of developments since the announcement of the merger, 
I have decided to vote against the transaction," said Mr. Hewlett, who is a member of HP's board and chairman of 
the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation. "I believe that Hewlett-Packard can create greater value for 
stockholders as a standalone company than as a company combined with Compaq." 
A growing number of investors share Mr. Hewlett's viewpoint. HP shares yesterday rose US$2.92, or 17.3%, on 
the New York Stock Exchange to US$19.81, while Compaq shares dropped US49 cents to US$8.50 -- 47% less 
than HP's offer, which is based on Compaq shareholders receiving 0.6325 of an HP share for each share they 
own. The US$4.02 difference between the value of HP's offer and Compaq's stock price suggests that investors 
do not believe the deal will be done. 
"The major problem is that the wave of negative sentiment against HP's decision to buy Compaq is cresting, and 
Hewlett's management, including Ms. Fiorina, is impotent to stop it," Mr. Keller said. 
"Nothing they have done has stemmed the torrent of criticism. 
The Packard family foundation, HP's largest shareholder, said no decision had been made about the Compaq 
acquisition, and that an independent analysis was being conducted. 
HP's decision to purchase Compaq is grounded in the belief that a combination of two of the world's largest 
computer makers will let it compete against International Business Machines Corp. Almost immediately, it was 
rebuked as an desperate move by two struggling companies to turn two negatives into a positive. 
Among the long list of criticisms was that HP and Compaq had too many overlapping businesses, and that it 
would not close the competitive gap with IBM. Those disapprovals have not abated despite concerted efforts by 
Ms. Fiorina and Compaq CEO Michael Capellas to rally support for the deal.

Page 3 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Michael O'Neil, country manager with research firm IDC Canada, said acquisitions within the high-tech industry 
are always a challenge, and the HP-Compaq deal has never made any sense. 
"In high-tech mergers and acquisitions, one plus one virtually never equals two," he said. "I think what you will find 
in this case, one plus one would equal substantially less than two." 
One of the keys to making an HP-Compaq deal work would be cost-cutting. 
Ms. Fiorina has already said that the combined entity would eliminate 15,000 employees and look to save 
US$2-billion in fiscal 2003. The problem, however, is that this would likely not be enough to offset major declines 
in the personal computer and server markets. 
Ms. Fiorina's strategy to re-make HP has been far from successful. Last year, the company entered into 
discussions to buy the global management and information technology practice of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLC 
for as much as US$18-billion. The deal would have made HP a major player in the high-tech services business. 
Discussions ended when it was rejected by investors, who said integrating both companies would be 
time-consuming and complicated. 
A deal that has been applauded by investors is HP's US$882-million acquisition in September of 
Netherlands-based Indigo NV, which makes high-end colour printers. 
"Indigo is a fantastic company and a terrific acquisition," Mr. Keller said. "Compaq as a company may be cheap 
right now but it's not what HP needs. There is a question of buying a cheap asset versus buying a strategic 
assets. That is the distinction that is causing consternation between shareholders and HP management. You 
contrast that with the Indigo asset, which is a strategic benefit to HP." 
mevans@nationalpost.com 
Color Photo: Ruth Fremson, The New York Times / Carly Fiorina, chief executive of Hewlett-Packard Co., may 
find her job on the line if Hewlett-Packard's founding families vote their shares against a proposed offer for PC 
rival Compaq. 
Document finp000020011107dxb700ndn

Page 4 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Hewlett-Packard, Compaq Face Complex Details of Marriage --- Executives Are Put in Place to Deal With Aspects of Proposed Merger ... 
Managers & Managing 
Hewlett-Packard, Compaq Face Complex Details of Marriage --- Executives Are Put in Place to Deal With 
Aspects of Proposed Merger --- Blending Product Lines, Closing Factories 
By Molly Williams and Gary McWilliams 
Staff Reporters 
1,270 words 
28 September 2001 
The Asian Wall Street Journal 
AWSJ 
9
English 
(c) 2001 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
While Hewlett-Packard Co. Chief Executive Carleton "Carly" Fiorina tries to sell skeptical investors on H-P's plan 
to buy Compaq Computer Corp., the on-the-ground task of figuring out how to combine the companies' operations 
has fallen to executives such as Duane Zitzner. 
Mr. Zitzner, who manages H-P's computing-systems business, is on deck to plan and run the personal-computer 
businesses of the combined company, and his mission is complex. He must kill off overlapping computer lines, 
cut back the ranks of contractors and pare sales teams. Among questions Mr. Zitzner must answer: How can H-P 
hold on to loyal Compaq PC customers once the Compaq logo disappears? 
His tasks will be typical of those facing the six executives who must plan the corporate marriage Ms. Fiorina and 
Compaq CEO Michael Capellas proposed. "There are tough choices to be made," says analyst Thomas Kraemer 
of Merrill Lynch & Co. "The knives need to be sharpened now and as soon as the deal is complete, they need to 
start hacking away." 
The six may yet see their work come to naught. Some in the investment community remain doubtful that the deal 
will go through. The stocks have tumbled, shaving more than $7 billion off the value for Compaq shareholders. 
H-P's stock closed Wednesday at $16, down a penny, and Compaq's closed at $8.40, off 42 cents; that values 
the deal at $17.4 billion. And the transaction also could face regulatory hurdles, especially in Europe. Both 
companies have said repeatedly that they are still committed to the acquisition, even after this month's terrorist 
attacks. 
A look at the transition team gives a glimpse at what the new H-P will look like if the deal is completed: 
The overall task of leading the transition team falls to Webb McKinney, who had been running H-P's 
business-customer organization, and Jeff Clarke, Compaq's chief financial officer. The two must find solutions for 
everything from synchronizing salary structures to making sure e-mail addresses are ready. They also lead the 
teams that decide who gets fired, which factories get shut down, and which products get the ax. "We won't 
communicate all the details. But we'll keep customers informed," Mr. McKinney says. 
Both executives draw on recent experience. The 56-year-old Mr. McKinney helped with H-P's 1999 divestiture of 
Agilent Technologies Inc. and Mr. Clarke, 40 years old, had been involved in integration efforts during several 
mergers, including that of his former employer Digital Equipment Corp., which Compaq acquired in 1998. 
Mr. McKinney, a 32-year veteran of H-P, helped convince upper management in the early 1980s that it should 
adopt the same architecture for PCs -- Intel Corp. chips and Microsoft Corp. software -- that industry leader 
International Business Machines Corp. had established. He also led the company's charge into the home-PC 
business in the mid-1990s. 
Mr. Zitzner will run the Access Devices unit, encompassing PCs and hand-held devices that compete with Palm 
Inc.'s organizers. He must decide, among other things, which nameplates to keep on store shelves: Should H-P 
keep Compaq's Presario desktop PC line, for example, or its own Pavilion line? 
Mr. Zitzner, 54, joined H-P in 1989 and has run the PC business before. It is likely that Mr. Zitzner will trim the 
number of manufacturers the new H-P uses to build its products under contract; H-P was already in the process 
of whittling down the number of the contract manufacturers it uses to four from 20.

Page 5 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Compaq was moving toward more direct sales of machines, and some analysts say Mr. Zitzner must be careful 
not to alienate resellers that are the main conduit for selling H-P computers to stores and companies. An 
important issue will be to sort out H-P's relationships with dealers that do the final assembly for corporate PCs. 
Compaq has taken that work in-house with its acquisition of some Inacom Corp. operations. 
The new H-P's information-technology infrastructure business will combine H-P and Compaq's operations in 
servers, storage systems and software used by corporate clients to run their networks, store data and run their 
businesses. It is the one unit of the new H-P that will be led by a Compaq executive, Peter Blackmore. 
Mr. Blackmore, 54, British head of sales and services at Compaq, has the daunting task of sorting out lines of 
servers that run the Unix operating system, where H-P is strong, with lines of servers that run Microsoft's 
Windows operating system on Intel chips, where Compaq's Proliant line has done well. 
Compaq and H-P were each in the middle of transitions in the high-end product lines that run big applications 
such as authorizing credit cards or dishing up Web pages. Compaq recently said it planned to move away from 
Unix-server lines using the Alpha chips it got in the DEC acquisition in favor of Intel-based machines. H-P also is 
working on using Intel's 64-bit chips. Mr. Blackmore says the companies plan to combine their Unix offerings. 
Any uncertainty will open the door for rivals, analysts said. "It's a disaster," says analyst Don Young of UBS 
Warburg. 
Ann Livermore, 43, will run the $15 billion services business in the new H-P, with 65,000 workers. Ms. Livermore 
was on the short list for the CEO job at H-P when the company was conducting its search in 1999, and had 
openly acknowledged her desire to get the job. When she lost to Ms. Fiorina, there was speculation that Ms. 
Livermore would leave, but she stayed, and has worked closely with Ms. Fiorina. 
Today, Ms. Livermore runs the services business, which has been a bright spot for H-P, turning in revenue growth 
even as other units have seen sales tumble. Ms. Livermore has overseen the company's recent acquisition 
strategy in services, including an agreement to buy a part of Comdisco Inc.'s business. Ms. Livermore will have to 
prove that she can push the services offerings beyond low-end fixing and maintaining of PCs and servers, which 
is Compaq's mainstay. 
Many analysts expect H-P to do another acquisition to shore up its capabilities in the more lucrative consulting 
area. Ms. Livermore says the company "absolutely will continue to evaluate acquisitions," especially those that 
provide access to new geographic markets or consulting capabilities for a specific application or business. 
Vyomesh "VJ" Joshi, 47, was appointed earlier this year to this business, which includes computer printers as 
well as digital cameras and scanners. Mr. Joshi will run the new $20 billion business at the combined entity. Now, 
H-P can bundle even more printers with the PCs it owns -- Compaq used to partner with Lexmark International 
Inc. for printers that were sold alongside its PCs. 
Printing and imaging is crucial for H-P, as it provides a steady stream of fat profits from its recurring sales of ink 
cartridges into what H-P estimates to be an installed base of 200 million printers. H-P is looking to expand into 
new markets, and just days after the Compaq announcement, it said it would buy Indigo NV, which makes big 
commercial printers, for about $629 million in stock. 
Document awsj000020010927dx9s0001p

Page 6 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
HP adds Indigo to colour portfolio. 
HP adds Indigo to colour portfolio. 
BY IAN CAMERON 
305 words 
17 September 2001 
Electronics Times 
ELTIM 
8
English 
(c) 2001 Miller Freeman 
A week after it announced its merger with Compaq Computer, Hewlett-Packard (HP) has acquired Dutch 
commercial printing systems company Indigo. 
Indigo develops digital colour printing presses. It claims the market for commercial printing is worth $400bn, and 
is ripe for digital transformation. 
HP, which is heavily involved in inkjet and laserjet technology, has owned 13.4% of Indigo for three years. It is to 
pay $629m in stock, as well as a further potential $253m in cash contingent on future performance, for the 
remaining parts of it. 
Benny Landa, founder, chairman and CEO of Indigo, said: "For the most part, [the commercial printing market] 
has remained almost unchanged for decades. It has remained mechanical: you smear ink on to a plate and press 
it on to paper. Everything else in our lives has become digital but not printing. Printing will become digital." 
He says that, while the development of digital technology had been the priority for the company, it is now 
sufficiently developed so that competition with its main rivals Kodak and Xerox will develop into an "all-out battle 
fought with heavy artillery" in a bid to secure market share. 
"Superior technology alone won't be enough," said Landa. "It's a battle for giants. HP and Indigo can catalyse the 
demand. Our 25-year-old dream of leading this industry is now in sight." 
* HP head Carly Fiorina has stated that both HP and Compaq remain committed to their merger plan, despite 
both seeing falls in their share prices since the proposal was announced. She says only shareholders can kill the 
deal. 
HP was at $17.90 as Electronics Times went to press, from $23 at the end of August, while Compaq is down to 
around $10 from $12. 
Copyright: CMP Information Ltd. 
Document eltim00020010921dx9h0000j

Page 7 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
DIGITAL NEWS - Hewlett-Packard to acquire Indigo. 
DIGITAL NEWS - Hewlett-Packard to acquire Indigo. 
By LAURETTA ROBERTS at Print 01. 
334 words 
14 September 2001 
Print Week 
PRINWE 
17 
English 
(c) 2001 Haymarket Business Publications Limited . No part of this data may be reproduced without prior written 
permission of the owner. 
Indigo founder Benny Landa rocked visitors, and his own employees, on the first day of Print 01 by announcing 
that he had just signed a deal to sell his company to Hewlett-Packard. 
He claimed he had signed the document 'about 48 minutes' before taking the stage to address the press and 
Indigo and HP employees. 'It's been a well-kept secret,' he said. 
Landa, who described the union as 'one big love-in', stressed this did not mean Indigo would be absorbed into 
HP. The 'Indigo Division' would continue to operate from Israel and its 'name, culture and values' would live on, 
he said. 
Landa too will remain with the company, but will no longer be known as chairman and chief executive officer. 'I 
will become the grand galactic commander, which is a title I have always wanted,' he joked. He will in fact 
become a 'strategic adviser' to HP chairman and chief executive officer Carly Fiorina. 
'I'm going to be more in your face than ever. You aren't going to feel a thing,' he added. 
HP and Indigo have been working closely for a while. They formed a technology partnership three years ago and 
last year entered into a 'major strategic alliance' which saw HP take a 13.4% share in Indigo and begin to OEM 
its digital print engines. All products from the newly allied camp will eventually have both HP and Indigo branding. 
Under the terms of the agreement, HP will acquire the remaining Indigo shares for approximately $629m in HP 
common stock and a future cash payment of up to $253m dependent on Indigo's performance 'We're not going to 
come to this in an arrogant way,' said HP vice-president of commercial printing solutions Bill McGlynn. 'We come 
in a humble way to learn.' 
It was a busy week for HP, which also announced its intended merger with computing giant Compaq. 
Document prinwe0020010914dx9e000co

Page 8 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
HP and Compaq keep the faith. 
HP and Compaq keep the faith. 
By joates. 
224 words 
10 September 2001 
Silicon.com 
SILCOM 
English 
(c) 2001 Silicon.com/Network Multimedia Television Ltd. 
What does Oracle boss have to do with this takeover? 
HP's takeover of Compaq is still on course despite the battering both companies' shares have taken since the 
deal was announced. 
HP shares have fallen 22 per cent and Compaq has suffered a 14 per cent drop. 
Carly Fiorina said she expected the markets to react negatively to the news, "but to be honest it was a bit more 
negative initially than we thought. We expected some volatility but not as much as this" she told the Financial 
Times. 
Fiorina insisted both companies' boards remained committed to the deal. She said only shareholders could stop 
the deal going through. 
She added that she was most concerned at the possibility of European regulators objecting to the merger. 
It has also emerged that the deal came about as a result of action by Larry Ellison, Oracle chief executive. 
Ellison urged Fiorina to look at Compaq's server clustering technology. That led Fiorina to discuss a licensing 
agreement with Compaq. This conversation developed into full takeover talks. 
For related news, see: 
HP spree continues with Indigo acquisition 
http://www.silicon.com/a47195 
HP and Compaq: Why it could end in tears 
http://www.silicon.com/a47179 
HP and Compaq: Users sound their worries 
http://www.silicon.com/a47143. 
Document silcom0020020619dx9a0005r

Page 9 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
HP to acquire outstanding shares of Indigo NV; Move strengthens HP's USD20 billion imaging and printing business and propels HP to ... 
HP to acquire outstanding shares of Indigo NV; Move strengthens HP's USD20 billion imaging and 
printing business and propels HP to forefront of digital commercial printing market 
1,593 words 
7 September 2001 
M2 Presswire 
MTPW 
English 
(c) 2001 M2 Communications, Ltd. All Rights Reserved. 
Hewlett-Packard Company (NYSE:HWP) and Indigo N.V. (NASDAQ: INDG) today announced that the 
companies have entered into an agreement for HP to acquire the remaining outstanding shares of Indigo, a 
leading commercial and industrial printing systems company. The acquisition of Indigo, which offers the broadest 
range of digital color printing presses in the industry, positions HP for a major thrust into commercial printing, a 
$400 billion market ripe for digital transformation. The companies will discuss the new relationship at the Print 01 
trade show, which opened here today. 
HP currently owns 14.8 million of Indigo's common shares, representing 13.4 percent of the company's 
outstanding shares. 
Under the terms of the agreement, HP will acquire the remaining shares of Indigo for approximately $629 million 
in HP common stock and a potential future cash payment of up to $253 million contingent upon Indigo's 
achievement of long-term revenue goals, for an aggregate potential payment of up to $882 million. The 
transaction is expected to be accretive to earnings per share in its first full year of operation. 
"The Indigo team has a rich history of innovation and strong customer relationships that has made it a leader in 
the commercial printing market," said Carly Fiorina, chairman and chief executive officer, HP. "Our two 
companies have a proven track record of collaboration, and this new relationship will result in an even more 
compelling suite of offerings and support services for customers around the world." 
Indigo extends HP's printing systems portfolio beyond inkjet and LaserJet technology into a third high-speed 
color print technology and accelerates the company's plans to transform and lead the rapidly evolving commercial 
printing market. With the addition of Indigo, HP will sell offset-quality digital press solutions and services that will 
enable businesses to more effectively target and retain their customers with short-run, personalized business 
communications linked to digital document creation. 
"HP intends to lead the transformation of commercial printing into a web-enabled, all-digital industry," said 
Vyomesh Joshi, president of HP's Imaging and Printing Systems. "The speed, image quality and cost 
effectiveness of Indigo's technology will now be available to a larger audience through HP's brand strength and 
global reach. By linking Indigo's digital press to higher-value pages, we believe we can grow our commercial 
printing division over time into a multi-billion dollar HP business. We have worked closely with Indigo's 
management for several years and expect a smooth transition as they join the HP team." 
"Our vision has always been to lead the printing industry into the digital era and to see Indigo technology pervade 
the commercial printing market," said Benny Landa, Indigo founder, chairman and CEO. "Now, as part of HP, 
that goal is in sight." 
Indigo's versatile liquid electro-photography (LEP) technology spans commercial printing, industrial printing and 
photo-finishing. LEP combines digital laser imaging with ultra-small ink particles enabling prints of superb quality 
to be produced at offset printing speeds. 
Indigo is a $200 million business with a growing installed base, strong intellectual property in LEP, a highly 
profitable consumables business, a direct and specialized sales force, and experienced engineers. The company 
has 1,100 employees, is headquartered in The Netherlands, and has R&D and manufacturing operations in 
Israel. Upon completion of the transaction, Indigo will operate as a new division within HP's Imaging and Printing 
Systems business. 
Terms of the Transaction

Page 10 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Under the terms of the agreement, HP will offer to acquire all of the outstanding equity of Indigo not already 
owned by HP in exchange for a combination of shares of HP stock and non-transferable contingent value rights 
(CVRs) entitling the holder to a contingent cash payment based on Indigo's achievement of revenue milestones. 
In exchange for each share of Indigo stock, shareholders of Indigo will receive either $7.50 in HP common stock, 
or $6 in HP common stock plus one CVR entitling its holder to a cash payment of up to $4.50 per share if Indigo 
achieves a total of $1.6 billion in revenue over a three-year post-closing period. The value of each CVR increases 
linearly from $0 to $4.50 as cumulative revenues increase from $1.0 billion to $1.6 billion. 
The HP common stock to be issued in each case will be determined based on the average closing price during 
the 20 trading days ending three trading days prior to expiration of the offer, with the average trading price to be 
used in such calculation not to be less than $16.69 or more than $23.68. 
The agreement calls for HP to issue equal quantities of each consideration alternative. The exchange represents 
a deal valued at approximately $629 million in HP common stock (based on the closing price of HP shares on 
September 5, 2001) as well as a maximum contingent cash payment of approximately $253 million. 
The acquisition is subject to a 95 percent minimum exchange condition, customary closing conditions and normal 
regulatory reviews. 
About Indigo 
Indigo N.V. (www.indigonet.com) is the leader in high performance digital color printing systems. Indigo's Digital 
Offset Color technology combines the quality of ink-based offset printing with the performance advantages of 
digital imaging. Its products, including its proprietary ElectroInk, provide solutions for the commercial, industrial 
and photographic printing markets. Indigo is headquartered in The Netherlands, with R&D and manufacturing 
operations in Israel. 
About HP 
Hewlett-Packard Company -- a leading global provider of computing and imaging solutions and services -- is 
focused on making technology and its benefits accessible to all. HP had total revenue from continuing operations 
of $48.8 billion in its 2000 fiscal year. Information about HP and its products can be found on the World Wide Web 
at http://www.hp.com. 
Additional Information and Where to Find It 
HP intends to file a Registration Statement on Form S-4 and Schedule TO, and Indigo plans to file a 
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9, with the Securities and Exchange Commission in 
connection with the transaction. HP and Indigo expect to mail a Prospectus, the Schedule 14D-9 and related 
tender offer materials to stockholders of Indigo. These documents contain important information about the 
transaction. Investors and security holders are urged to read these documents carefully when they are available. 
Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of these documents through the website 
maintained by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov. Free copies of these documents 
may also be obtained from HP and Indigo. 
In addition to the Registration Statement, Schedule TO, Prospectus and Schedule 14D-9 reports, HP and Indigo 
file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission. 
People may read and copy any reports, statements or other information filed by HP or Indigo at the SEC public 
reference room at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549 or at any of the commission's other public 
reference rooms in New York, N.Y. and Chicago, Ill. Please call the Securities and Exchange Commission at 
800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference rooms. HP's and Indigo's filings with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission are also available to the public from commercial document-retrieval services and 
HP's such filings are available at the website maintained by the commission at http://www.sec.gov. 
This news release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. All 
statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking 
statements. For example, statements regarding new market initiatives, execution of integration plans and the 
potential growth of the Indigo business are all forward-looking statements. Risks, uncertainties and assumptions 
include the possibility that the market for the sale of certain products and services may not develop as expected; 
that development of these products and services may not proceed as planned; that the transaction does not 
close; that prior to the closing of the proposed transaction, the business of Indigo may suffer due to uncertainty;

Page 11 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
that the parties are unable to successfully execute the integration strategies; and other risks that are described 
from time to time in HP's and Indigo's Securities and Exchange Commission reports, including but not limited to 
HP's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended Oct. 31, 2000, and subsequently filed reports and Indigo's 
annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended Dec. 31, 2000, and subsequent filed reports. If any of these risks 
or uncertainties materializes or any of these assumptions proves incorrect, HP's or Indigo's results could differ 
materially from HP's and Indigo's expectations in these statements. 
Neither HP nor Indigo assumes any obligation to, and neither intends to update these forward-looking 
statements. 
((M2 Communications Ltd disclaims all liability for information provided within M2 PressWIRE. Data prepared by 
named party/parties. Further information on M2 PressWIRE can be obtained at http://www.presswire.net on the 
world wide web. Inquiries to info@m2.com)). 
Document mtpw000020010907dx97001e1

Page 12 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE 3-HP, Compaq shares drop more, HP announces printer deal. 
UPDATE 3-HP, Compaq shares drop more, HP announces printer deal. 
By Peter Henderson 
919 words 
6 September 2001 
20:33 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2001 Reuters Limited 
(Adds detail on Indigo deal, comment, updates with closing prices) 
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 6 (Reuters) - Shares of Hewlett-Packard Co. extended already deep losses on Thursday 
as disgruntled investors voted with their portfolios against the proposed merger with Compaq Computer Corp. 
and HP announced a new nearly $900 million acquisition. 
HP said it would add a line of high-end commercial color printers to its imaging business by buying Indigo NV , 
for up to $882 million in stock and cash. 
HP's dominant printer franchise is nearly the only section of the firm not affected by its pending deal with 
Compaq, which was announced on Monday and has sent HP and Compaq stock falling, cutting the value of the 
all-stock transaction to about $19 billion from $25 billion originally. 
Investors have not been swayed in meetings with HP and Compaq management and some are calling for a 
U-turn, said David Katz, chief investment officer at Matrix Asset Advisors. 
"The reality is Compaq shareholders are very unhappy, Hewlett-Packard shareholders are very unhappy, and 
both boards have historically been shareholder-oriented and pro-active," he said. "We think that the boards could 
reconsider." 
"We don't like the deal," said Tom Rath, portfolio manager of SAFECO Asset Management said of the Compaq 
buy. "Both (companies) have struggled with execution issues and you are putting two kinds of troubled companies 
together." 
HP shares have been bouncing around levels last seen six years ago and fell 51 cents, or 2.8 percent, to $17.70 
on Thursday, while Compaq's shares closed off 6 cents at $10.35, both on the New York Stock Exchange. 
GATEWAY'S GLEE 
Some competitors rejoiced, eager to try to snatch business from the fledgling powerhouse before it can integrate 
its massive operations that have a combined $87 billion in sales. 
"There is nothing but good for us coming out of this," Ted Waitt, chief executive of No. 4 U.S. personal computer 
maker Gateway Inc., told Reuters late on Wednesday. 
Gateway, which said last week it was cutting a quarter of its work force and restructuring, has been seen as a 
candidate for a takeover, but Waitt said he was not ready to sell. 
"Today, I'd be crazy to," he said, pointing to Gateway's low stock price and the opportunity inherent in the 
HP-Compaq merger. It was better to be a nimble company able to make quick decisions than a lumbering giant in 
the PC world, he said. 
"It is going to be very difficult for Compaq and HP, with the distraction of the merger, to maintain market share." 
But HP's biggest competitors, International Business Machines Corp., which would finally face a company roughly 
its equal in sales, were the merger to go through, and Dell Computer Corp., which could easily lose its No. 1 PC 
industry rank, have remained relatively quiet.

Page 13 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Investors are concerned about a broad range of issues, including how well the two huge companies could mesh, 
what would happen to their PC market share as the firms drop the Compaq name but keep some sub-brands, and 
whether antitrust regulators will quash or delay the deal. 
In one indication of the internal friction the new firm could face, HP launched the new 560 model of its Jornada 
handheld computer series on Thursday, a clear challenger to Compaq's better-selling iPAQ. 
Officials could not say how the two lines would be integrated, but HP executives made a strong pitch for the 
power of their own machine. One said the iPAQ had been the beneficiary of "a lot of hype lately." 
The Indigo deal is straightforward by comparison, envisioning an 8-fold increase in the firm's $200 million sales 
over three years, includes $253 million cash contingent on that rise and consummates HP's acquisition of a 
minority stake in the firm last year. 
FIORINA'S FUTURE 
Carly Fiorina, HP's chief executive, is no stranger to criticism since profits have drooped in the midst of an 
economic downturn and the first two years of an ambitious three-year restructuring of the company. She may 
have now tied her future to the Compaq deal, observers said. 
"It's well known that Carly is under some pressure to perform," said Stephen Robshaw, president of money 
management firm Robshaw & Julian Associates in Williamsville, New York which has roughly 100,000 shares of 
HP stock. 
"It almost seems like a defensive action on the part of management to justify the fact that they're there," he said. 
A few voices challenged the new conventional wisdom, arguing that Fiorina was managing crisis well. 
"I really give her credit for having the guts to go out and do this. I think it's a good step long term for the 
company," said Roy Papp, founder and partner of HP shareholder Papp Mutual Funds. 
Arbitrage traders who bet on whether deals getting done by playing the spreads in stock prices between buying 
and selling companies have largely stayed above the fray, since it is hitting both firms. 
But one trader said the companies' boards wouldn't challenge management, whatever the deal's merits. 
"The odds are always that someone with a crummy deal will get it done," the trader said. "I still think it's more 
likely it will happen, even though the press tends to focus early on at the risk of the deal falling apart." 
Document lba0000020010907dx9700136

Page 14 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Compaq, HP Executives Try to Win Over Doubters 
Compaq, HP Executives Try to Win Over Doubters 
Michael Davis 
566 words 
7 September 2001 
KRTBN Knight-Ridder Tribune Business News: Houston Chronicle - Texas 
KRTBN 
English 
Copyright (C) 2001 KRTBN Knight Ridder Tribune Business News; Source: World Reporter (TM) 
Top executives for Compaq Computer Corp. and Hewlett-Packard Co. made the rounds Thursday touting their 
companies' planned merger to skeptical investors. 
But once again the companies' shares lost ground, reflecting the chilly reception the deal has received from the 
investment community. 
After spending three days trying to sell the deal, Chief Executives Carly Fiorina of Hewlett-Packard and Michael 
Capellas flew to Houston late Thursday from the East Coast. from where? 
They had a private dinner with Compaq senior management last night and were scheduled to fly to 
Hewlett-Packard's headquarters in Palo Alto, Calif., to meet with employees there today. 
The companies' shares have declined every day since the deal was announced late Monday, gradually erasing 
the 20 percent premium that the deal offered Compaq shareholders when it was announced. Hewlett-Packard 
shares closed down 51 cents to $17.70 on Thursday, while Compaq shares closed at $10.35, off 6 cents per 
share. 
Some new details about the deal emerged Thursday that help answer some questions raised by the sagging 
stock prices. 
A Compaq spokesman confirmed the widely held belief that there is no "collar" on the offer that could force a 
change in the deal's terms if the price falls too far. A collar sets a range in which the acquiring company's stock 
must trade before closing, or terms can be renegotiated. 
The deal is fixed at 0.6325 share of newly issued Hewlett-Packard stock for each share of Compaq. That means if 
the deal closed Thursday, Compaq's shareholders would have received $11.19 of Hewlett-Packard stock for each 
share. 
A Compaq company spokesman also confirmed that there is a breakup fee of $675 million that Hewlett-Packard 
would have to pay to Compaq if the deal is called off. The fee is designed to discourage Hewlett-Packard from 
terminating the deal. 
The termination date is May 31 of next year, but that date can be extended to Aug. 31. If regulators approve the 
deal, shareholders will vote on it. 
"It is expected that all of the Compaq senior staff will be extended offers of employment with the new company," a 
spokesman said Thursday, adding that the positions offered may not be comparable to the ones they currently 
hold. 
Two appointments came out Thursday. 
Michael Winkler, Compaq's executive vice president for global business units, will become head of the supply 
chain segment of the combined company. Peter Blackmore, Compaq's executive vice president of worldwide 
sales and services, will head the information technology infrastructure unit at the new company. 
The rank and file will not be so lucky. Layoffs are expected after the deal closes as the companies look to unify 
their product lines and cut costs by $2 billion in the first full year after the merger. 
Also Thursday, Hewlett-Packard said it will pay as much as $882 million for printing equipment maker Indigo, in 
which it now has a 13 percent stake.

Page 15 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Hewlett-Packard will pay $629 million in stock and as much as $253 million in cash for the company, a Dutch 
maker of commercial laser printing gear for smaller, personalized business communication jobs. 
The cash payment depends on Indigo meeting a sales goal of as much as $1.6 billion over three years after the 
sale closes, Hewlett-Packard said. 
Document krtbn00020010907dx97000s2

Page 16 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
H-P, Compaq Beat Drums, but Deal Value Sinks 
H-P, Compaq Beat Drums, but Deal Value Sinks 
A Wall Street Journal News Roundup 
661 words 
7 September 2001 
The Wall Street Journal 
J
B5 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
Top executives of Hewlett-Packard Co. and Compaq Computer Corp. kept up a hectic pace to convince investors 
of the merits of their proposed deal, even as Wall Street continued expressing deep skepticism of the deal and 
continued to push the stocks down. 
But the company also continued its acquisition spree by announcing it is purchasing the remaining shares 
outstanding of printing-systems company Indigo NV that it doesn't own for $629 million in stock. The deal is 
intended to push H-P into the commercial-printing market, an arena from which it has largely been absent. 
Meanwhile, H-P Chief Executive Carly Fiorina and Compaq CEO Michael Capellas met jointly in New York with 
institutional investors and analysts. They were scheduled to fly to Houston, where Compaq is based, later in the 
day for a private dinner with Mr. Capellas's top-management team. Then, the pair plan to travel to California for 
more joint meetings today with institutional investors and analysts. 
"Their No. 1 priority right now is to communicate the long-term benefits to shareholders that this merger 
represents," said Compaq spokesman Arch Currid. 
For good reason. Shares of both H-P, of Palo Alto, Calif., and Compaq have slid precipitously since H-P said it 
would buy Compaq late Monday, and continue to set new five-year lows each trading day. 
The all-stock deal, which was first valued at $25 billion and included a premium to Compaq shareholders, is now 
valued at $19.26 billion, long erasing any premium for Compaq's shareholders. 
Hewlett-Packard shares, which fell 51 cents to $17.70 in 4 p.m. composite trading on the New York Stock 
Exchange, are now off about 24% since the end of last week, while Compaq shares, which slipped six cents to 
$10.35, are down about 16%. 
S&P Equity Group analyst Megan Graham-Hackett said Ms. Fiorina and Mr. Capellas now "are doing exactly 
what they should do as CEOs in trying to get this deal sold." But she remains skeptical of it, as do many on Wall 
Street. 
"You're still left with the question of what does the outlook look like, and is the risk near-term worth the advantage 
[long-term] that they could have in their best-case scenario?" Ms. Graham-Hackett said. 
She said she has been disturbed that the two companies "didn't think more critically about how to get this deal 
sold" prior to announcing it. "Off the bat, they didn't have good, solid answers for the obvious issues that come 
with any large merger like this," and they now are playing catch-up, she said. 
As for its latest acquisition news, Indigo, a Dutch company, has specialized in a technology called liquid 
electrophotography, which is expected to play an important role in commercial printing. "This deal allows us to be 
in the middle of the digital transformation," said Vyomesh Joshi, president of H-P's Imaging & Printing Systems. 
H-P already owned 13.4% of Indigo through an investment deal made in late 2000. Under the current deal, H-P 
will not only acquire the remaining shares of Indigo, but is also offering a potential future cash payment of as 
much as $253 million if Indigo achieves certain long-term revenue goals. 
Upon completion of the transaction, Indigo will operate as a new division within Mr. Joshi's group. 
Currently, H-P's printing-systems portfolio is mainly confined to inkjet and laserjet technology, analysts said. 
Acquiring Indigo will extend its printing systems portfolio to a third high-speed color-print technology.

Page 17 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"H-P has been mostly absent from higher-speed printing markets in general," said Paula Bursley, an analyst at 
Gartner Dataquest. "This deal gives H-P more leverage over a new type of technology, and it's one step further 
for H-P." 
Document j000000020010907dx9700044

Page 18 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Hewlett-Packard, Compaq Continue Lobbying as Investors Drive Shares Lower 
Hewlett-Packard, Compaq Continue Lobbying as Investors Drive Shares Lower 
By Bob Sechler 
488 words 
6 September 2001 
21:51 
Dow Jones Business News 
DJON 
English 
(c) 2001 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
Dow Jones Newswires 
AUSTIN, Texas -- Top executives of Hewlett-Packard Co. and Compaq Computer Corp. kept up a hectic pace to 
convince investors of the merits of their proposed deal, even as Wall Street continued expressing deep 
skepticism of the deal and continued to push the stocks down. 
But the company also continued its acquisition spree by announcing it is purchasing the remaining shares 
outstanding of printing-systems company Indigo NV that it doesn't own for $629 million in stock. The deal is 
intended to push H-P into the commercial-printing market, an arena from which it has largely been absent. 
Meanwhile, H-P Chief Executive Carly Fiorina and Compaq CEO Michael Capellas met jointly in New York with 
institutional investors and analysts. They were scheduled to fly to Houston, where Compaq (CPQ) is based, later 
in the day for a private dinner with Mr. Capellas's top-management team. Then, the pair plan to travel to California 
for more joint meetings Friday with institutional investors and analysts. 
"Their No. 1 priority right now is to communicate the long-term benefits to shareholders that this merger 
represents," said Compaq spokesman Arch Currid. 
For good reason. Shares of both H-P (HWP), of Palo Alto, Calif., and Compaq have slid precipitously since H-P 
said it would buy Compaq late Monday, and continue to set new five-year lows each trading day. 
The all-stock deal, which was first valued at $25 billion and included a premium to Compaq shareholders, is now 
valued at $19.26 billion, long erasing any premium for Compaq's shareholders. 
Hewlett-Packard shares, which slipped 51 cents to $17.70 in 4 p.m. composite trading on the New York Stock 
Exchange Thursday, are now off about 24% since the end of last week, while Compaq shares, which fell six cents 
to $10.35, are down about 16%. 
S&P Equity Group analyst Megan Graham-Hackett said Ms. Fiorina and Mr. Capellas now "are doing exactly 
what they should do as CEOs in trying to get this deal sold." But she remains skeptical of the plan, as do many on 
Wall Street. 
"You're still left with the question of what does the outlook look like, and is the risk near-term worth the advantage 
[long-term] that they could have in their best-case scenario?" Ms. Graham-Hackett said. 
She said she has been disturbed that the two companies "didn't think more critically about how to get this deal 
sold" prior to announcing it. "Off the bat, they didn't have good, solid answers for the obvious issues that come 
with any large merger like this," and they now are playing catch-up, she said. 
Write to Bob Sechler at bob.sechler@dowjones.com 
Copyright (c) 2001 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
All Rights Reserved. 
Document djon000020010907dx97000ma

Page 19 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
HP acquires Indigo in $882m deal 
HP acquires Indigo in $882m deal 
301 words 
7 September 2001 
Newswire (VNU) 
VNUN 
English 
Copyright (c) 2001 VNU Business Publications Ltd.; Source: World Reporter (TM) 
Hewlett Packard, hot on the heels of its $20bn bid for Compaq, is to pay up to $882m in a stock and cash deal to 
acquire printing systems company lndigo.HP confirmed it already owns 13.4 per cent of Netherlands-based 
Indigo. Under the terms of the agreement, HP will acquire the remaining shares for approximately$629m in HP 
common stock, with an additional cash payment of up to $253m, contingent on Indigo achieving its revenue 
targets.Carly Fiorina, HP's chief executive, said the two companies have a proven track record of collaboration. 
"Indigo extends HP's printing systems portfolio beyond inkjet and LaserJet technology into a third high-speed 
colour print technology." Indigo, a $200m concern,has 1100 employees. 
After completion of the acquisition, Indigo will operate asa new division of HP's Imaging and Printing Systems 
business.Benny Landa, Indigo founder and chief executive, said: "Our vision has been to lead the printing 
industry into the digital era, and now as part of HP that goal is in sight."Vyomesh Joshi, president of HP's Imaging 
and Printing Systems, pointed out thatby linking Indigo's digital press to higher-value pages, HP expects to grow 
itscommercial printing division over time into a multi-billion-dollar HP business. 
Then again, analysts have been anxious about HP's overall printer strategy. Areport by Merrill Lynch analyst Tom 
Kraemer noted that weaknesses in today's printer market mean HP's printer revenue could be hit in the 
future.And Gartneranalyst James Lundy said HP's recent foray into the high-end, high-speed printing market 
might leave some people questioning the company's commitment."If HP's service and standards fall short," he 
said, "it could give the company a public relations black eye." 
Document vnun000020010910dx9700003

Page 20 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
HP to Acquire Outstanding Shares of Indigo NV 
HP to Acquire Outstanding Shares of Indigo NV 
1,615 words 
6 September 2001 
16:41 
Business Wire 
BWR 
English 
(c) 2001 Business Wire 
CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 6, 2001-- 
Move Strengthens HP's $20 Billion Imaging and Printing Business 
and Propels HP to Forefront of Digital Commercial Printing Market 
Hewlett-Packard Company (NYSE:HWP) and Indigo N.V. (Nasdaq:INDG) today announced that the companies 
have entered into an agreement for HP to acquire the remaining outstanding shares of Indigo, a leading 
commercial and industrial printing systems company. The acquisition of Indigo, which offers the broadest range 
of digital color printing presses in the industry, positions HP for a major thrust into commercial printing, a $400 
billion market ripe for digital transformation. The companies will discuss the new relationship at the Print 01 trade 
show, which opens here today. 
HP currently owns 14.8 million of Indigo's common shares, representing 13.4 percent of the company's 
outstanding shares. Under the terms of the agreement, HP will acquire the remaining shares of Indigo for 
approximately $629 million in HP common stock and a potential future cash payment of up to $253 million 
contingent upon Indigo's achievement of long-term revenue goals, for an aggregate potential payment of up to 
$882 million. The transaction is expected to be accretive to earnings per share in its first full year of operation. 
"The Indigo team has a rich history of innovation and strong customer relationships that has made it a leader in 
the commercial printing market," said Carly Fiorina, chairman and chief executive officer, HP. "Our two 
companies have a proven track record of collaboration, and this new relationship will result in an even more 
compelling suite of offerings and support services for customers around the world." 
Indigo extends HP's printing systems portfolio beyond inkjet and LaserJet technology into a third high-speed 
color print technology and accelerates the company's plans to transform and lead the rapidly evolving commercial 
printing market. With the addition of Indigo, HP will sell offset-quality digital press solutions and services that will 
enable businesses to more effectively target and retain their customers with short-run, personalized business 
communications linked to digital document creation. 
"HP intends to lead the transformation of commercial printing into a web-enabled, all-digital industry," said 
Vyomesh Joshi, president of HP's Imaging and Printing Systems. "The speed, image quality and cost 
effectiveness of Indigo's technology will now be available to a larger audience through HP's brand strength and 
global reach. By linking Indigo's digital press to higher-value pages, we believe we can grow our commercial 
printing division over time into a multi-billion dollar HP business. We have worked closely with Indigo's 
management for several years and expect a smooth transition as they join the HP team." 
"Our vision has always been to lead the printing industry into the digital era and to see Indigo technology pervade 
the commercial printing market," said Benny Landa, Indigo founder, chairman and CEO. "Now, as part of HP, 
that goal is in sight." 
Indigo's versatile liquid electro-photography (LEP) technology spans commercial printing, industrial printing and 
photo-finishing. LEP combines digital laser imaging with ultra-small ink particles enabling prints of superb quality 
to be produced at offset printing speeds. 
Indigo is a $200 million business with a growing installed base, strong intellectual property in LEP, a highly 
profitable consumables business, a direct and specialized sales force, and experienced engineers. The company 
has 1100 employees, is headquartered in The Netherlands, and has R&D and manufacturing operations in Israel.

Page 21 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Upon completion of the transaction, Indigo will operate as a new division within HP's Imaging and Printing 
Systems business. 
Terms of the Transaction 
Under the terms of the agreement, HP will offer to acquire all of the outstanding equity of Indigo not already 
owned by HP in exchange for a combination of shares of HP stock and non-transferable contingent value rights 
(CVRs) entitling the holder to a contingent cash payment based on Indigo's achievement of revenue milestones. 
In exchange for each share of Indigo stock, shareholders of Indigo will receive either $7.50 in HP common stock, 
or $6 in HP common stock plus one CVR entitling its holder to a cash payment of up to $4.50 per share if Indigo 
achieves a total of $1.6 billion in revenue over a three-year post-closing period. The value of each CVR increases 
linearly from $0 to $4.50 as cumulative revenues increase from $1.0 billion to $1.6 billion. 
The HP common stock to be issued in each case will be determined based on the average closing price during 
the 20 trading days ending three trading days prior to expiration of the offer, with the average trading price to be 
used in such calculation not to be less than $16.69 or more than $23.68. The agreement calls for HP to issue 
equal quantities of each consideration alternative. The exchange represents a deal valued at approximately $629 
million in HP common stock (based on the closing price of HP shares on September 5, 2001) as well as a 
maximum contingent cash payment of approximately $253 million. 
The acquisition is subject to a 95 percent minimum exchange condition, customary closing conditions and normal 
regulatory reviews. 
About Indigo 
Indigo N.V. (www.indigonet.com) is the leader in high performance digital color printing systems. Indigo's Digital 
Offset Color technology combines the quality of ink-based offset printing with the performance advantages of 
digital imaging. Its products, including its proprietary ElectroInk, provide solutions for the commercial, industrial 
and photographic printing markets. Indigo is headquartered in The Netherlands, with R&D and manufacturing 
operations in Israel. 
For additional Indigo information, please contact the following: Investor relations, Michael King, 781.937.7947; 
European media, Bespoke Ltd., Ray Goodacre, +44-1737.215.200; U.S. media, Bradford & Maloney Inc., Martin 
Maloney, 203.661.2900; Israel, Wagner Grinstein Communications, Dassi Wagner, +972.3.696.6262. 
About HP 
Hewlett-Packard Company -- a leading global provider of computing and imaging solutions and services -- is 
focused on making technology and its benefits accessible to all. HP had total revenue from continuing operations 
of $48.8 billion in its 2000 fiscal year. Information about HP and its products can be found on the World Wide Web 
at http://www.hp.com. 
Additional Information and Where to Find It 
HP intends to file a Registration Statement on Form S-4 and Schedule TO, and Indigo plans to file a 
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9, with the Securities and Exchange Commission in 
connection with the transaction. HP and Indigo expect to mail a Prospectus, the Schedule 14D-9 and related 
tender offer materials to stockholders of Indigo. These documents contain important information about the 
transaction. Investors and security holders are urged to read these documents carefully when they are available. 
Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of these documents through the website 
maintained by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov. Free copies of these documents 
may also be obtained from HP and Indigo. 
In addition to the Registration Statement, Schedule TO, Prospectus and Schedule 14D-9 reports, HP and Indigo 
file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission. 
People may read and copy any reports, statements or other information filed by HP or Indigo at the SEC public 
reference room at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549 or at any of the commission's other public 
reference rooms in New York, N.Y. and Chicago, Ill. Please call the Securities and Exchange Commission at 
800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference rooms. HP's and Indigo's filings with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission are also available to the public from commercial document-retrieval services and 
HP's such filings are available at the website maintained by the commission at http://www.sec.gov.

Page 22 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Forward-Looking Statement 
This news release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. All 
statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking 
statements. For example, statements regarding new market initiatives, execution of integration plans and the 
potential growth of the Indigo business are all forward-looking statements. Risks, uncertainties and assumptions 
include the possibility that the market for the sale of certain products and services may not develop as expected; 
that development of these products and services may not proceed as planned; that the transaction does not 
close; that prior to the closing of the proposed transaction, the business of Indigo may suffer due to uncertainty; 
that the parties are unable to successfully execute the integration strategies; and other risks that are described 
from time to time in HP's and Indigo's Securities and Exchange Commission reports, including but not limited to 
HP's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended Oct. 31, 2000, and subsequently filed reports and Indigo's 
annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2000, and subsequent filed reports. If any of these 
risks or uncertainties materializes or any of these assumptions proves incorrect, HP's or Indigo's results could 
differ materially from HP's and Indigo's expectations in these statements. Neither HP nor Indigo assumes any 
obligation to, and neither intends to update these forward-looking statements. 
Document bwr0000020010906dx9600nb1

Page 23 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
HP invests #71m for 12% stake in Indigo. 
HP invests #71m for 12% stake in Indigo. 
By John Davies. 
211 words 
22 September 2000 
Print Week 
PRINWE 
16 
English 
(c) 2000 Haymarket Business Publications Limited . No part of this data may be reproduced without prior written 
permission of the owner. 
Hewlett-Packard is launching itself into the high-end digital printing market with a #71.4m ($100m) investment in 
Indigo, giving it a 12% share in the Israeli company. 
Under the agreement HP will purchase 14.8m newly issued common shares at #4.82 a share, plus a further 12m 
performance-based warrants at the same value. 
The Indigo/HP strategic alliance will see the American company OEM Indigo digital printing systems. Indigo 
chief financial officer Alon Bar-Shany said: "They'll probably OEM our series one machines - the e-Print Pro+ to 
the UltraStream." The machines are expected to be available by spring 2001. 
Bar-Shany added that the companies would join forces to develop new systems: "Development will be based 
around Indigo's core technology but will combine Hewlett-Packard's experience of mass production." However, 
any jointly developed products will not be available for well over a year. 
HP president and chief executive Carly Fiorina said there were sound economic arguments for the company's 
migration towards commercial print: "Today, more than 96% of printed pages are produced by commercial 
printers. It's a market that has yet to reap the benefits of the digital era." 
Document prinwe0020010815dw9m002rv

Page 24 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Hewlett-Packard CEO Sees Synergies in Possible Consulting Deal 
Hewlett-Packard CEO Sees Synergies in Possible Consulting Deal 
By Frank Byrt 
491 words 
18 September 2000 
16:15 
Dow Jones Business News 
DJON 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
Dow Jones Newswires 
BOSTON -(Dow Jones)- Hewlett-Packard Co. will decide within the next four to six weeks whether it can 
negotiate an equitable deal to buy the management and information technology consulting unit of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, H-P Chief Executive Carly Fiorina reiterated Monday. 
News of talks for H-P to buy PwC's consultancy arm was first made public last week. Last Monday, H-P confirmed 
that talks were ongoing. It said no terms had been agreed upon, but that the parties were considering a 
cash-and-stock deal worth about $17 billion to $18 billion. 
Ms. Fiorina told the SG Cowen Annual Fall Technology Conference that there are significant synergies to be 
gained from an acquisition of PwC's consultancy operations, even though H-P has a strong information 
technology consulting unit of its own. 
The PwC deal and two other strategic moves the company made last week represent Hewlett-Packard's 
recognition that there is "a changing business landscape" driven in part by the Internet and the process of 
reinvention it is forcing upon businesses, Ms. Fiorina said. 
"We see this as one of the best ways to accelerate growth and to address this market shift," Ms. Fiorina said of 
the proposed acquisition. 
"But we will not be driven to do a deal at any price or at any terms," she said. 'If we can't make it work for 
shareholders, then we won't do it.' 
She said an acquisition of PricewaterhouseCoopers' consulting operations would be 'additive" to 
Hewlett-Packard's current 15% annual revenue growth rate. 
She said PwC posted $7 billion in consulting revenue in the year ending June 30, up 20%, a pace Ms. Fiorina 
said should continue. 
She said the unit's profitability is at least equal to that of its industry peers. 
The valuation of any deal would have to be "competitive with an (initial public offering)," she said of the pricing. 
Ms. Fiorina also said Hewlett-Packard is "squarely on track" to meet analyst earnings expectations for the current 
fourth quarter. "We're feeling very good about the quarter," she said. She said she expects the company will 
continue to deliver revenue growth of 15% or more. 
Hewlett-Packard is making "bold moves" to boost its growth, Ms. Fiorina said at the SG Cowen conference. 
She said H-P's alliance with Indigo NV, also announced last week, represents a major effort to go after growth 
opportunities in the commercial printing business. 
She said commercial printing is a $500 billion market "that has yet to reap the transformational benefits of the 
digital era." 
H-P and Indigo will work to develop high-end color printing products that will integrate with various types of 
computer-based and communications products, Fiorina said.

Page 25 of 25 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
(Compiled from Dow Jones Newswires and other sources) 
Copyright (c) 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
All Rights Reserved 
Document djon000020020330dw9i01gh5 
Search Summary 
Text Fiorina AND Indigo 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2002 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Hewlett-Packard Co. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

