Page 1 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Holding in CHH part of sales growth plan. ......................................................................................................................2 
US stakeholder wants Carter Holt to cut debt. ................................................................................................................3 
SHAREHOLDERS' CHAMPION WELCOMES CARTER HOLT'S US DEAL..................................................................5

Page 2 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Holding in CHH part of sales growth plan. 
Holding in CHH part of sales growth plan. 
270 words 
26 May 1992 
New Zealand Herald 
NZHLD 
3
English 
(c) 1992 The New Zealand Herald 
International Paper's $450 million investment in Carter Holt Harvey in November was part of a strategy aimed at 
increasing the company's annual sales by 8 to 10 per cent a year. 
In his report to shareholders for the December 31 year, International Paper's chairman and chief executive office, 
Mr John Georges, said, "Acquisitions are an integral part of achieving our growth and profitability objectives. We 
seek sustained average annual sales gains of 8 to 10 per cent, which is greater than the expected expansion of 
our major markets." 
Mr Georges said that, taking into account both volume and inflation, worldwide sales by International Paper's 
existing businesses in their present markets were likely to increase at annual rates varying from 5 to 7 per cent. 
The investment in CHH concluded a multi-year search by International Paper for greater access to Pacific rim and 
Southern Hemisphere markets, Mr Georges said. 
CHH owned some of the most productive timberlands in the world. 
CHH also had a significant ownership position in a Chilean corporation with some of the best forest products 
assets in South America. 
The annual report shows International Paper did not achieve its aim of 8 to 10 per cent sales growth in the 
December year. 
Sales were down 2 per cent at $US12.70 billion ($NZ23.74 billion). 
Net earnings were $184 million, down from $569 million the previous year. 
Total common shareholders' equity was $5.74 billion, up from $5.63 billion the year before, and total assets were 
$14.94 billion, up from $13.67 billion. 
Document nzhld00020011122do5q0099m

Page 3 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
US stakeholder wants Carter Holt to cut debt. 
US stakeholder wants Carter Holt to cut debt. 
552 words 
20 January 1992 
New Zealand Herald 
NZHLD 
6
English 
(c) 1992 The New Zealand Herald 
The important goal for Carter Holt Harvey in 1992 is to set a programme to reduce its debt, the chairman of the 
world's largest paper and forest products group said in Auckland last night. 
Mr John Georges, chairman and chief executive officer of the New York-based International Paper, said CHH 
had some excellent assets but it had huge debt. 
"The debt has to be resolved before other things. It is not an insolvable problem and I would hope a programme 
could be put in place within six months," he said. 
International Paper, which has business interests in 26 countries, last November paid $450 million for 16 per cent 
of the forestry company CHH. 
International Paper formed a joint venture with Brierley Investments which sold the venture half of its 32 per cent 
holding in CHH. A seat on the CHH board was taken by International Paper's executive vice-president, Mr John 
Dillon. 
With his senior vice-president, Mr David Oskin, and vice-president, Mr George O'Brien, Mr Georges is making a 
flying visit to New Zealand for a "get-to-know-each-other session." 
After meeting CHH management today, the International Paper chiefs will visit the Caxton and Kinleith plants, and 
then be in Wellington on Wednesday for talks with the Brierley Investments chairman, Mr Bruce Hancox, and 
chief executive, Mr Paul Collins, before heading back to the United States. 
Mr Georges, who has been International Paper chairman since 1985, said the CHH debt could be dealt with by 
issuing stock and raising money, selling assets or negotiating bank loans. 
He said these were the sort of options that would be looked at - or perhaps it would be looked at - or perhaps it 
would be some combination of all of them. 
CHH disclosed in its consolidated balance sheet for the half-year ending September 30, 1991, debt totalling more 
than $3.6 billion. This comprised term liabilities of $1.23 billion, current liabilities of $1.67 billion, defeased debt of 
$423.69 million, and subordinated debt of $439.84 million. 
By October last year, following the successful flotation of Simsmetal, the interest-bearing debt as a percentage of 
total capital resources had reduced to 116 per cent from 192 at March 31, 1991. 
Mr Georges emphasised that International Paper's involvement in CHH as not a passive investment. "We want to 
see the enterprise prosper. There is a lot of hard work to do, but I am sure over time a lot of things will happen." 
"We have been in the business a long time and we think we understand international markets. And I believe we 
have a wide variety of management and technical skills that can be of benefit to Carter Holt." 
Asked if one of the International Paper executives would step in to run CHH after the Carter brothers Richard and 
Ken retired at the end of April, Mr Georges said this would be a consideration. 
On the subject of the CHH investment in Chile through Copec, Mr Georges said: "We feel that is a good long-term 
asset." 
But he said: "On this trip all we want to do is to shake a few hands and get to know the people and the company a 
lot more." 
Document nzhld00020011122do1k002sr

Page 4 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.

Page 5 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
SHAREHOLDERS' CHAMPION WELCOMES CARTER HOLT'S US DEAL. 
SHAREHOLDERS' CHAMPION WELCOMES CARTER HOLT'S US DEAL. 
574 words 
26 November 1991 
New Zealand Herald 
NZHLD 
1
English 
(c) 1991 The New Zealand Herald 
It is seven years since minority shareholders' champion Mr Max Gunn stood up at a meeting of NZ Forest 
Products and grilled the directors about their latest corporate manoeuvrings. 
At that 1984 annual meeting when Forest Products was tangling with Goodman Group, Mr Gunn reminded the 
directors that "with privilege comes responsibility." 
Over the ensuing years Mr Gunn has spoken out loudly against predator companies and cross-pollination of 
directors on different boards - not just involving Forest Products. 
The wheel turned last week, with Forest Products - which has undergone several ownership changes - again at 
the heart of the matter, but this time concealed within the structure of Carter Holt Harvey. 
New York-based International Paper, one of the world's largest forestry products companies, disclosed it had 
purchased half of Brierley Investment's 32 per cent shareholding in CHH. 
Mr Gunn had every reason to fear the long-term direction and future of Forest Products when, in succession, the 
long-established New Zealand industrial has been controlled by Rada Corporation, Elders Resources and CHH - 
which in turn now has a large part of its shareholding owned by Brierley and International Paper. 
But finally Mr Gunn is a happy critic. Though some people may look on International Paper as a predator, its 
move, even though it is a major overseas company, has his full blessing. 
Mr Gunn, who has battled and questioned the motives of directors of such companies as Rada, Lion Nathan and 
Bank of New Zealand, believes the International Paper involvement will add long-term value to CHH (and Forest 
Products), and increase its exports. 
With its access to world-wide markets, International Paper will contribute to the growth of overseas earnings, 
which are the salvation to New Zealand's economy. 
Let it be known: Mr Gunn is a personal friend of the chief executive and chairman of International Paper, Mr John 
Georges, whom he first met in 1969. 
Mr Georges, a leading United States businessman, will be visiting New Zealand in January. 
Mr Gunn, who had no idea of last week's surprise move, says: "Although I have never had any personal 
relationship in business with Mr Georges, we have had discussions in general terms. 
"And he has given encouragement to my small efforts on behalf of minority shareholders. 
"As a member of the governing body of the New York Stock Exchange, he has expressed a total dislike of hostile 
predators." 
Mr Georges and Mr Gunn had their first business discussion over the telephone on Saturday, when Mr Georges 
told him that the deal was clear cut, there were no hidden agendas, and that International Paper was in the joint 
venture to stay for the mutual benefit of both companies. 
"It is my belief that leadership of the calibre which Mr Georges' deputies will bring to the Carter Holt Forestry 
board-room will eventually restore confidence to the small investor. 
"The money which is tied up in safe but negative investments will once again be applied to industry and help to rid 
the scourge of unemployment."

Page 6 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Mr Georges, born in Greece, was a rising star in Du Pont management before he moved to International Paper. 
He became chief executive and chairman of the company in 1985. 
As well as his involvement with the New York Stock Exchange, Mr Georges is a director of Warner Lambert 
Company and of Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
Document nzhld00020011124dnbq00lq4 
Search Summary 
Text John Georges AND Carter Holt 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/1996 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company International Paper Co. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

