Page 1 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Ballmer Wants Yahoo Search Deal Soon .......................................................................................................................2 
FT.com site : Microsoft turns to internet for growth. ........................................................................................................3 
Financial News: Morgan Stanley , Blackstone Win Choice Mandate..............................................................................4 
MICROSOFT DEAL KING TO LAUNCH OWN FIRM .....................................................................................................6

Page 2 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Ballmer Wants Yahoo Search Deal Soon 
Ballmer Wants Yahoo Search Deal Soon 
353 words 
8 December 2008 
CMP TechWeb 
CMPT 
English 
Copyright ©2008 United Business Media LLC. All rights reserved. 
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer wants his company to make a deal to acquire Yahoo's search engine unit "sooner 
than later," according to an interview published Saturday in The Wall Street Journal. "I think that good ideas are 
usually better done quickly than slowly, so it would probably be better for both of us, and certainly for Yahoo, if we 
were to do it sooner than later," Ballmer told the paper. 
Ballmer has said repeatedly in recent weeks that Microsoft is no longer interested in acquiring all of Yahoo, but 
that the company is open to a narrower deal. Adding Yahoo's search operations to its MSN and Live Search 
network could help Microsoft close the gap with industry leader Google in the lucrative Internet search market. 
Yahoo is currently the No. 2 player, with Microsoft a perennial third despite recent acquisitions -- including a $1.2 
billion deal for Norway's Fast Search & Transfer -- meant to bolster the company's position. 
Adding to speculation that Microsoft is intent on integrating Yahoo's search operations is the company's hiring last 
week of Qi Lu, who was Yahoo's engineering VP for search and advertising technology. Microsoft named Lu head 
of its online services unit. 
Yahoo shares have been volatile in recent weeks as investors react to the rumor mill and apply Kremlinesque 
analysis to even Ballmer's most casual comments. The stock plunged more than 13% on Nov. 7 after Ballmer 
told fellow attendees at a business lunch that he was no longer interested in acquiring Yahoo outright. 
"We made an offer, we made another offer, and it was clear that Yahoo didn't want to sell the business to us and 
we moved on," said Ballmer, according to The Associated Press. "We are not interested in going back and 
relooking at an acquisition," Ballmer said. 
Ballmer made the comments in Sydney, Australia. 
Microsoft earlier this year offered to purchase Yahoo for $31 per share, but talks between the companies 
ultimately broke off. 
Yahoo shares rose 5.52% Friday to close the week at $11.66. 
Document CMPT000020081209e4c80000j

Page 3 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
FT.com site : Microsoft turns to internet for growth. 
FT.com site : Microsoft turns to internet for growth. 
Maija Palmer 
335 words 
1 February 2008 
Financial Times (FT.Com) 
FTCOM 
English 
(c) 2008 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
Microsoft's $44.6bn unsolicited offer for Yahoo would be by far the largest deal in the company's history, and is 
the latest in a recent series of acquisitions the company has done to catch up with rival Google as the focus of the 
technology sector increasingly shifts to the internet. 
In October, Microsoft spent $240m on a 1.6 per cent stake in Facebook, the social networking site, and last May it 
bought Aquantive, the online advertising company, for $6bn. 
The Aquantive deal was at the time the largest in Microsoft's history, and came after Google had announced 
plans to buy rival online advertising company Doubleclick. Microsoft had also bid for Doubleclick but failed to 
clinch a deal. 
Steve Ballmer, Microsoft chief executive, predicted last autumn that 25 per cent of Microsoft's revenues could 
come from advertising within the next few years. However, the company has struggled to build its own search 
engine and online advertising network. 
Microsoft is also trying to shore up its search capabilities with the a $1.2bn bid last month for Fast Search and 
Transfer, the Norwegian enterprise search company. 
Microsoft also bought Musiwave, a provider of digital music to mobile phones, for $50m in November, a move 
seen as a way to strengthen its Zune music player business, and challenge Apple's iPod and iTunes operations. 
Last year it also bought Multimap, a UK-based internet and mobile phone mapping company, and took a 4 per 
cent stake in Careerbuilder, the leading US online recruitment company, as part of efforts to improve the range of 
internet services it offers. 
Microsoft and Yahoo have been in discussions at least twice before, according to Microsoft's statement on Friday, 
in late 2006 and early 2007. The companies discussed a range of options from a commercial partnership to a full 
merger, but these were rejected by Yahoo, which was hoping to turn around its flagging business. 
61822971 
Document FTCOM00020080202e4210001j

Page 4 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Financial News: Morgan Stanley , Blackstone Win Choice Mandate 
Financial News: Morgan Stanley, Blackstone Win Choice Mandate 
558 words 
1 February 2008 
11:34 
Dow Jones International News 
DJI 
English 
(c) 2008 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
By Staff writers 
Of FINANCIAL NEWS 
Morgan Stanley and alternatives investor The Blackstone Group have won one of the most coveted mandates in 
investment banking after being picked by Microsoft to advise on a $44.6 billion (EUR30 billion) bid for internet 
search provider Yahoo! in what would be the largest technology takeover in history. 
Morgan Stanley has strong board links with both companies, although it has only advised Microsoft on one 
previous deal, the $125.4 million takeover of Swedish software group Sendit in May 1999, according to data 
provider Thomson Financial. The takeover would be the largest in the technology sector on record, according to 
investment banking data provider Dealogic. 
Roy Bostock, who was appointed non-executive chairman of Yahoo! yesterday, sits on the board of Morgan 
Stanley, as does Charles Noski, the former chairman of telecoms group AT&T who is a board member of 
Microsoft. 
It is the second large technology mandate Blackstone has won in the last year. It was appointed in May as an 
adviser to news and information provider Reuters on its proposed GBP8.8 billion (EUR11.6 billion) tie-up with rival 
Thomson Financial. (Blackstone also is advising troubled monoline insurer ACA Capital Group on its attempt to 
avert bankruptcy through a recapitalization.) 
A spokeswoman for Microsoft confirmed that Morgan Stanley and Blackstone are advising it on the cash and 
stock deal, which is worth more than a quarter of the $160 billion M&A transactions announced for this year, 
according to data from Thomson Financial. The advisers are set to share more than $100 million in fees if the 
deal completes. 
Goldman Sachs, which has been one of Microsoft's top M&A advisers on past acquisitions and worked for 
Microsoft on aborted talks with Yahoo! last year, has yet to emerge as an adviser on either side of the deal. Last 
month, Goldman advised Microsoft on its $1.2 billion acquisition of Norwegian software maker Fast Search & 
Transfer. 
Brad Smith, general counsel at Microsoft, said Google has a 75% market share in online advertising and would 
not be able to table a competing bid due to antitrust issues. 
Microsoft's bid at $31 a share is a 62% premium to Yahoo's last share price. Yahoo! shares rose 49% to $28.51 
by midday, while Microsoft shares fell 5.4% to $30.85. 
Microsoft last year bought aQuantive, an online advert-placement firm, for $6 billion and paid an 85% premium, 
only one month after losing the bidding battle for rival DoubleClick. Morgan Stanley advised aQuantive while 
Microsoft used Lazard. 
Yahoo! said in a statement that its board of directors "will evaluate this proposal carefully and promptly in the 
context of Yahoo!'s strategic plans and pursue the best course of action to maximize long-term value for 
shareholders". 
When asked why Microsoft did not wait to announce a friendly deal, Steve Ballmer, chief executive of Microsoft, 
said: "We believe in this combination more than ever and have made a great offer. We look forward to the 
dialogue with Yahoo."

Page 5 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Yahoo! could not be reached for comment on which banks are advising. 
Goldman declined to comment. 
(Jed Horowitz of Dow Jones Newswires contributed to this item.) 
Web site: http://www.efinancialnews.com [ 01-02-08 1634GMT ] 
Document DJI0000020080201e421000xi

Page 6 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
MICROSOFT DEAL KING TO LAUNCH OWN FIRM 
Business 
MICROSOFT DEAL KING TO LAUNCH OWN FIRM 
PETER LAURIA 
348 words 
10 January 2008 
New York Post 
NYPO 
37 
English 
(c) 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved. 
One of Microsoft's chief deal architects is leaving the software giant to start his own firm. 
Bruce Jaffe - currently vice president of corporate development for Microsoft - plans to vacate his post at the end 
of February. 
The move comes at a time when Microsoft seems more willing to spend money on big-ticket acquisitions in order 
to help keep pace with rival Google. Just yesterday, for example, the Redmond, Wash.-based company offered 
$1.2 billion for Norwegian search company Fast Search and Transfer. 
Jaffe, who joined Microsoft in 1995 and did a stint as chief financial officer of its MSN unit, has been smack in the 
middle of Microsoft's face-offs with Google over the last few years, winning some deals and losing others. 
Though Microsoft lost out to Google on an ad-sharing deal with Time Warner's AOL and on the purchase of online 
advertising company DoubleClick, it did beat the search engine giant to the punch when it paid $6 billion for 
ad-serving company aQuantive, as well as investing $240 million in social networking site Facebook. 
Though some observers have criticized Microsoft as overpaying in those deals, Wall Street evidently likes the 
company's acquisition aggressiveness. Microsoft's shares are up 16.5 percent from a year ago, and yesterday 
rose 99 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $34.44. In November its shares reached a 52-week high of $37.50. 
"Bruce is a major player in the Microsoft deal machine," said one source close to the company. "It doesn't surprise 
me that he is leaving, as his appetite for [merger and acquisitions] is greater and faster than [CEO Steve] 
Ballmer's." 
But despite Jaffe's departure and Ballmer's reticence, Microsoft is expected to continue its acquisition spree this 
year, particularly in the search and online advertising areas. 
Sources close to Microsoft say the company is still debating if it should make last year's informal offer to buy 
Yahoo! official by going public with its bid. 
Document NYPO000020080110e41a0001i 
Search Summary 
Text Ballmer AND Fast Search 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2009 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Microsoft Corp. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

