Page 1 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
eBay to buy Asian rival for $1.2bn...................................................................................................................................2 
Corporate News: EBay Looks Abroad for Growth --- Online Auctioneer to Buy Korean Site as It Refocuses on 
E-Commerce, PayPal......................................................................................................................................................3 
(LEAD) EBay offers to buy Gmarket for $1.2 billion ........................................................................................................5 
EBay to buy Korean auction site .....................................................................................................................................7 
Gmarket Inc - eBay to Expand Asian Operations Through Combination With Gmarket, Korea's Largest Online 
Marketplace.....................................................................................................................................................................8 
Ebay to take over Korean auction website ....................................................................................................................11 
Ebay to buy stake in SKorean online marketplace........................................................................................................12 
Leading the News: Ebay to buy Korean online-auction service --- Purchase marks Web site's refocus on e-commerce 
14 
eBay (EBAY) Expands Into Korea With Gmarket (GMKT) At $24 Per Share ...............................................................16 
Report: eBay to buy stake in SKorean auction site .......................................................................................................17

Page 2 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
eBay to buy Asian rival for $1.2bn 
City: 
eBay to buy Asian rival for $1.2bn 
By Rupert Neate 
317 words 
17 April 2009 
The Daily Telegraph 
DT 
003 
English 
(c) 2009 Telegraph Group Limited, London 
ONLINE auction house eBay has offered to buy its South Korean rival Gmarket for $1.2bn ( pounds 805m) in a 
push to expand its presence in Asia. 
The internet auctioneer has agreed to buy 67pc of Nasdaq-listed Gmarket from investors including Yahoo! and 
will offer to buy the remaining stock for $24 a share - a 20pc premium on the closing price on Wednesday. 
eBay hopes the venture will enable it to grow its presence outside the US, where it is losing customers to 
Amazon. eBay's like-for-like sales dropped 16pc to $1.27bn in the final three months of last year. 
Gmarket, which has more than 10m registered customers, competes head-to-head with eBay's South Korean 
business Internet Auction. Gmarket's sales jumped 25pc to 279bn South Korean won ( pounds 141m) last year. 
eBay said it will combine the businesses, giving it 87pc of South Korea's online auction house market. It has 
already won the conditional approval from competition watchdogs. 
South Korea is the world's sixth-largest e-commerce market after the US, Germany, the UK, China and Japan. 
John Donahoe, eBay chief executive, said the deal "creates strong operational synergies between the two 
market leaders, offers more opportunities for sellers and enhances our ability to serve complementary consumer 
segments''. 
Analysts believe the purchase is part of a realignment of eBay's strategy towards its core e-commerce business, 
as it offloads internet phone provider Skype and social networking site Stumbleupon.com. 
Mr Donahoe told investors that the company was "focusing on where we can win''. 
He added that eBay plans to retain a "significant ownership stake'' in Skype after an initial public offering in the 
first half of next year. Skype's founders had hoped to buy back the business but failed to agree on the price. 
Document DT00000020090417e54h0000l

Page 3 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Corporate News: EBay Looks Abroad for Growth --- Online Auctioneer to Buy Korean Site as It Refocuses on E-Commerce, PayPal 
Corporate News: EBay Looks Abroad for Growth --- Online Auctioneer to Buy Korean Site as It Refocuses 
on E-Commerce, PayPal 
By Geoffrey A. Fowler and Evan Ramstad 
744 words 
16 April 2009 
The Wall Street Journal 
J
B2 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2009, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
EBay Inc. on Wednesday agreed to buy a controlling stake in Gmarket Inc., a leading South Korean e-commerce 
company, in a move that would make eBay the top player in the country's online shopping market. 
The deal -- with a value of up to $1.2 billion depending on how many shareholders agree to tender shares -- is the 
latest move by Chief Executive John Donahoe to refocus the San Jose, Calif., company on its high-growth 
PayPal online payments arm and the core e-commerce business that fueled its early days. 
Mr. Donahoe has spent much of his first year at the helm disentangling the company from side Internet 
businesses that investors called distractions. On Tuesday, he unveiled a plan to separate eBay from its Skype 
Internet-phone business through an initial public offering. On Monday, the company sold Internet media company 
StumbleUpon back to its original owners and outside investors. 
The Korean development is a step forward in Mr. Donahoe's strategy of fixing eBay's core e-commerce business, 
which is fast losing shoppers to competitors that offer safer and simpler online shopping even as the overall 
sector grows amid the recession. In the fourth quarter of last year, the company reported a 31% slump in profit, 
as revenue in its core marketplace business declined 16%. 
On Tuesday, the company introduced changes to its e-commerce site, largely targeting improving efficiency for 
sellers. 
International expansion offers eBay another opportunity for growth in e-commerce, although competition is fast 
increasing. Operations from outside of North America already account for more than half of eBay's revenue, as 
the company has expanded and acquired local e-commerce companies around the globe. In 2008, eBay claimed 
a 13% share of global e-commerce, excluding travel and grocery, and its PayPal unit a 9% share of global online 
payment transactions. 
The company is also rolling out "global buying hubs" to translate listings into languages such as Russian and 
Japanese. "The hubs give people the ability to buy nearly anything from anyone, in their local language," 
company spokesman Alan Marks said Wednesday. 
"They are going back to basics and fixing the core business," said Jeffrey Lindsay, a Sanford C. Bernstein 
analyst. "As part of that, they're reexamining geographic expansion, which we never thought was a bad strategy, 
just something they executed on so poorly in the past." 
Asia is eBay's fastest-growing region, but also a source of past challenges. EBay entered Japan in 2000, but 
faced tough competition from Yahoo Inc.'s Japanese business, which was already a dominant force. EBay exited 
that market in 2002. 
In China, eBay shut its own Web site, and replaced it with one that is majority owned by local player Tom Online 
Inc., but still has only a tiny fraction of the overall market. 
EBay missed opportunities in recent years to take larger stakes in Latin American e-commerce company 
MercadoLibre and Eastern European company QXL Ricardo PLC, said Mr. Lindsay, the analyst. He said he 
thinks eBay's next biggest opportunity is in India, where it currently has operations. "It has very high potential, and 
will be important in the next three to five years," he said.

Page 4 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
South Korea is the sixth-largest online auction market, eBay estimates. An eBay subsidiary, Internet Auction Co., 
already operates a top auction Web site in South Korea. The Gmarket deal would dramatically expand its 
presence in the country, but an eBay executive said it would continue to run the sites separately. 
"We are looking for synergies of growth not cost savings," Jay Lee, an eBay senior vice president and general 
manager of Asia-Pacific, said at a news conference in Seoul Thursday morning. 
Ebay will pay $24 a share for the 34.2% stake of GMarket, owned by Interpark Corp. and its chairman Lee 
Ki-hyong, a premium of around 50% over GMarket's share price in the past month. The price values the stake at 
$413 million. Shareholders owning 67% of the company's shares have agreed to the offer, eBay said. That 
includes Yahoo, which owns a 10% stake in Gmarket. At the deal price, the company is valued at $1.21 billion. 
--- 
SungHa Park and Yumiko Ono contributed to this article. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document J000000020090416e54g0002y

Page 5 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
(LEAD) EBay offers to buy Gmarket for $1.2 billion 
(LEAD) EBay offers to buy Gmarket for $1.2 billion 
535 words 
16 April 2009 
Yonhap English News 
YONH 
English 
© Copyright 2009 Yonhap News Agency. All rights reserved. 
(ATTN: UPDATES throughout with quotes, details; CHANGES headline; TRIMS) 
SEOUL, April 16 (Yonhap) -- EBay Inc. said Thursday it has offered to take over Gmarket Inc., South Korea's 
biggest online marketplace, for as much as US$1.2 billion, which would make the U.S. online auctioneer a 
dominant player in one of the world's most wired nations. 
The San Jose, California-based company said it has made a cash tender offer of $24 a share to buy all 
outstanding common shares and American depository shares in Gmarket. 
The tender price is about 20 percent higher than Gmarket's closing price of $19.96 in the U.S. tech-heavy 
NASDAQ stock market. Given all outstanding shares of Gmarket, the value of the purchase price totals some 
$1.2 billion. 
EBay Chief Executive Officer John Donahoe said he would combine Gmarket with Intenet Auction Co. (IAC), the 
South Korean unit of eBay. 
"The combination of Gmarket and IAC establishes an exceptionally strong leadership position for eBay in one of 
the world's largest, most dynamic and innovative e-commerce markets," Donahoe said in a statement. 
"This deal creates strong operational synergies between the two market leaders, offers more opportunities for 
sellers and enhances our ability to serve complementary consumer segments," the chief executive added. 
If all things go as planned, the deal will be completed by the second quarter of this year, and shares of Gmarket 
will be delisted from the U.S. stock market. 
EBay said it has already purchased a 67 percent stake in Gmarket. 
Earlier in the day, Interpark Corp., the top shareholder of Gmarket, said it sold its 29-percent stake in Gmarket 
for $350 million. Separtely, Yahoo Inc., a U.S. Internet portal, said it sold its 10 percent stake in Gmarket. 
In a press conference in Seoul, Lee Jae-hyun, head of eBay's Asia-Pacific operations, said the U.S. online 
auctioneer would target the Japanese market after completing the combining of Gmarket and Internet Auction. 
"Japan is the first market for eBay to make inroads into along with Gmarket," Lee told reporters. 
The value of all merchandise trading on Gmarket's site was 3.98 trillion won ($23.28 billion) last year, compared 
with 3.1 trillion won for Internet Auction. 
Lee said the combined online marketplace aims to increase the value to 10 trillion won. 
Also, the two companies account for about 90 percent of online shopping in South Korea, which has almost as 
many broadband connections as homes, with more than 15.4 million subscribers for high-speed Internet services. 
EBay already received conditional approval for the deal from South Korea's anti-trust regulator in September last 
year. 
Though it was a latecomer to the market, Gmarket rapidly gained appeal and overtook eBay's Korean unit as the 
nation's top online retailer because of its unique business model.

Page 6 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Unlike eBay, which lets people directly sell and buy new and used goods on its Web site with minimal 
intervention, Gmarket is close to being a middle man by helping sellers improve transactions and expand their 
scale of businesses. 
(END) 
20090416 1802 KST 
3394ENG192009041654400DOWINIAPKYQNYO 
Document YONH000020090416e54g002gx

Page 7 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EBay to buy Korean auction site 
Corporate News 
EBay to buy Korean auction site 
By Geoffrey A. Fowler and Evan Ramstad 
170 words 
16 April 2009 
The Wall Street Journal Europe 
WSJE 
6
English 
(Copyright (c) 2009, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
EBay Inc. reached a tentative agreement to buy a controlling stake in Gmarket Inc., South Korea's largest online 
auction Web site, a move that would make eBay the leading player in the country's e-commerce market. 
The deal -- with an indicated value of $413 million, according to a person familiar with the situation -- is another 
move by the company's chief executive, John Donahoe, to refocus the San Jose company on its high-growth 
PayPal online payments arm and the core e-commerce business that fueled its early days. 
Ebay will pay $24 a share for the 34.2% stake of GMarket, owned by Interpark Corp. and its chairman Lee 
Ki-hyong, a premium of around 50% over GMarket's share price in the past month, according to a person familiar 
with the situation. 
Representatives of eBay and Interpark declined to comment on the deal. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document WSJE000020090416e54g00018

Page 8 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Gmarket Inc - eBay to Expand Asian Operations Through Combination With Gmarket, Korea's Largest Online Marketplace 
Gmarket Inc - eBay to Expand Asian Operations Through Combination With Gmarket, Korea's Largest 
Online Marketplace 
1,728 words 
15 April 2009 
23:33 
Market News Publishing 
MNEWSP 
English 
Copyright 2009 Market News Publishing Inc. All Rights Reserved 
EBAY INC ("EBAY-Q") GMARKET INC ("GMKT-Q") - eBay to Expand Asian Operations Through Combination 
With Gmarket, - Korea's Largest Online Marketplace eBay Inc. and Gmarket Inc. jointly announced a definitive 
agreement for eBay to combine Gmarket, Korea's leading e-commerce business, with eBay's existing online 
marketplace in Korea. Under the terms of the agreement, eBay will make a cash tender offer of $24.00 per share 
for all outstanding Gmarket common shares and American Depositary Shares, for a total purchase price of up to 
approximately $1.2 billion assuming all outstanding shares are tendered. As of April 15, 2009, the consideration 
of $24.00 per share was equivalent to approximately 31,767 Korean won per share. 
At closing, eBay will hold at least 67 percent of Gmarket as a result of shares tendered pursuant to agreements 
to tender with members of management and other investors sufficient to satisfy the minimum tender condition, as 
well as new shares issued by Gmarket in connection with the combination of Gmarket and eBay's existing 
Korean marketplace business, Internet Auction Company. Shareholders that have signed agreements to tender 
include Interpark Corporation and its chairman, Ki Hyung Lee, current holders of approximately 34 percent of the 
outstanding shares of Gmarket. eBay will combine Gmarket's operations with IAC, while maintaining separate 
sites. 
"The combination of Gmarket and IAC establishes an exceptionally strong leadership position for eBay in one of 
the world's largest, most dynamic and innovative e-commerce markets," said John Donahoe, eBay's president 
and chief executive officer. "This deal creates strong operational synergies between the two market leaders, 
offers more opportunities for sellers and enhances our ability to serve complementary consumer segments." 
"We welcome eBay's investment in Gmarket," said Young Bae Ku, Gmarket's president and chief executive 
officer. "This transaction will provide us an excellent opportunity for our next growth stage in Korea and will also 
help accelerate our expansion strategies beyond Korea. We look forward to teaming up with eBay's leadership 
both locally and globally to drive our future growth and expansion." 
The Board of Directors of Gmarket has voted unanimously to approve the transaction and recommends that 
Gmarket security holders accept the offer. A special committee of Gmarket's independent directors 
recommended approval of the transaction to Gmarket's Board of Directors. The transaction, which is conditioned 
on the tender of a majority of the outstanding shares and American Depositary Shares of Gmarket on a fully 
diluted basis, final Korean antitrust clearance and other customary closing conditions, is expected to close in the 
second quarter of 2009. Following completion of the tender offer, shares of Gmarket not purchased by eBay will 
remain outstanding and will be delisted from The NASDAQ Stock Market. It is expected that there will not be an 
active trading market for outstanding Gmarket shares following completion of the offer. 
With more than 86 million active users, eBay Marketplaces generated $60 billion of gross merchandise volume 
worldwide in 2008 and revenue of $5.6 billion. IAC generated $2.2 billion of gross merchandise volume in 2008 
and revenue of $161.2 million at an assumed exchange rate of 1262 KRW per USD. In 2008, Gmarket generated 
$3.2 billion of gross merchandise volume and revenue of $220.8 million at the same assumed exchange rate. 
Through the combined businesses, eBay will be able to offer benefits for Gmarket and IAC sellers, such as tools 
for quick, simultaneous listings across both platforms, and enhanced experiences for buyers through improved 
selection, incentives and loyalty programs. eBay also expects the combination with Gmarket to provide a 
potential platform for further expansion within Asia. 
The combination also provides the necessary support for Korean sellers who seek access to eBay's global 
network. By joining eBay's Cross Border Trade program, Korean small and medium sized businesses can export 
their products to buyers in foreign countries. Jooman Park, president of IAC and Young Bae Ku, president of 
Gmarket will jointly lead the combination of IAC and Gmarket and will manage the integration of the two 
e-commerce companies.

Page 9 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Gmarket's focus on fashion-oriented categories and IAC's focus on computers, electronics and sports give the 
two platforms core strengths in complementary consumer segments. Females age 20-29, representing Korea's 
fastest-growing online segment, comprise more than 21 percent of Gmarket's consumer base. Males age 30 and 
over comprise IAC's biggest consumer segment. Korea is the world's sixth-largest e-commerce market behind the 
United States, Germany, United Kingdom, China and Japan. eBay has more than seven years of experience in 
the market, beginning with its acquisition of IAC in 2001. 
eBay Inc. will host an investor conference call on Thursday, April 16 at 6 a.m. PDT to discuss this announcement. 
A live webcast of the conference can be accessed through eBay Investor Relations Web site at 
http://investor.ebay.com. An archive of the webcast will be accessible through the same link. 
About Gmarket 
Gmarket Inc. is a leading retail ecommerce marketplace in Korea, offering buyers a wide selection of products at 
competitive prices and sellers a comprehensive and flexible sales solution. Gmarket's ecommerce marketplace is 
highly scalable and facilitates the sale of products in small or large quantities to a large number of potential 
buyers in a convenient, cost effective and secure manner. Gmarket was founded in April 2000 and listed on 
Nasdaq in June 2006. Gmarket's e-commerce marketplace is located primarily at www.gmarket.co.kr. 
About IAC 
Founded in 1998 as an online auctioneer, Internet Auction Co. (IAC) has become one of Korea's leading online 
marketplaces with more than 21 million registered users. Acquired by eBay in 2001, IAC has played a key role in 
improving Korea's retail e-commerce market through greater selection for buyers and diverse sales solutions for 
sellers. IAC offers a wide range of products such as computers, electronics and sporting goods to a dynamic 
online community of over 2 million daily unique visitors. IAC's online marketplace is located at www.auction.co.kr. 
About eBay Inc. 
Founded in 1995, eBay Inc. connects hundreds of millions of people around the world every day, empowering 
them to explore new opportunities and innovate together. eBay Inc. does this by providing the Internet platforms 
of choice for global commerce, payments and communications. Since its inception, eBay Inc. has expanded to 
include some of the strongest brands in the world, including eBay, PayPal, Skype, Shopping.com, and others. 
eBay Inc. is headquartered in San Jose, California. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This announcement contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding eBay, IAC and Gmarket, 
that involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those discussed. Factors that 
could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the possibility that the transaction 
may not close; risks associated with eBay's international operations (including foreign currency exchange rate 
fluctuations and regulatory, political and economic conditions in Korea and other areas of Asia); the reaction of 
users and suppliers of Gmarket's and IAC's services to the transaction; the future growth of Gmarket's and IAC's 
services; the reaction of competitors to the transaction; the contemplated integration of the employees of certain 
systems of each company, and the possibility that integration following the transaction may be more difficult than 
expected; and the possibility that the expected benefits of the acquisition of Gmarket may not materialize to the 
extent expected or at all. 
More information about factors that could affect eBay's operating results can be found in the company's most 
recent annual report on its Form 10-K and its subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q (available at 
http://investor.ebay.com or at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov). All forward-looking statements are based on 
information available to eBay on the date hereof, and eBay assumes no obligation to update such statements. 
Additional Information and Where to Find It 
This announcement is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an 
offer to sell shares or American Depositary Shares of Gmarket. At the time the offer is commenced, eBay and its 
acquisition subsidiary will file tender offer materials with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
"SEC") and Gmarket will file a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement with respect to the offer. The tender offer 
materials (including an Offer to Purchase, a related Letter of Transmittal and certain other offer documents) and 
the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement will contain important information, which should be read carefully 
before any decision is made with respect to the tender offer. The Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of 
Transmittal and certain other offer documents, as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement, will be

Page 10 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
made available to all holders of shares or American Depositary Shares of Gmarket at no expense to them at the 
SEC's web site at www.sec.gov. Free copies of these documents will be made available upon request by mail to 
eBay Inc., 2145 Hamilton Avenue, San Jose, CA 95125, Attention: Investor Relations or to Gmarket Inc., 9th 
Floor, LIG Tower, 649-11 Yeoksam-Dong, Gangnam-Gu, Seoul 135-912, Korea, Attention: Investor Relations. 
In addition to the Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other offer documents, as well as 
the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement, Gmarket and eBay file annual and special reports and other 
information with the SEC. You may read and copy any reports or other information filed by eBay or Gmarket at 
the SEC public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the Commission at 
1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. eBay's and Gmarket's filings with the SEC 
are also available to the public from commercial document-retrieval services and at the website maintained by the 
SEC at http://www.sec.gov. 
TEL: 408-376-5877 INVESTOR CONTACT: Vandana Hariharan eBay Inc. 
____________________________________________________________ (c)2009 Market News Publishing Inc. All 
rights reserved. Toronto:(416)366-8881 Vancouver:(604)689-1101 Fax:(604)689-1106 
0910400861FAC0910403013-20335320090415 
Document MNEWSP0020090416e54g000ll

Page 11 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Ebay to take over Korean auction website 
Ebay to take over Korean auction website 
By Song Jung-a in Seoul 
432 words 
16 April 2009 
Financial Times (FT.Com) 
FTCOM 
English 
(c) 2009 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
Ebay on Thursday unveiled its plans to take over Gmarket, a South Korean auction site, for $1.2bn as part of a 
move by the US group to accelerate its push into Asia as its core home business suffers. 
The purchase of Gmarket, which is listed on Nasdaq and has more than 18m registered users in South Korea, 
will make Ebay a dominant force in the country's vibrant e-commerce market and give it a springboard for 
expansion into other parts of Asia, where the company has a relatively weak presence. 
Ebay already operates Internet Auction in South Korea, which it acquired in 2001, but Gmarket has emerged as a 
strong local competitor with better growth momentum. Following the acquisition, Ebay would control 37 per cent 
of South Korea's e-commerce market. It is the world's sixth-largest, measured by total value of annual online 
transactions, according to Morgan Stanley. 
"The combination of Gmarket and Internet Auction establishes an exceptionally strong leadership position for 
Ebay in one of the world's largest, most dynamic and innovative e-commerce markets," said John Donahoe, 
Ebay's president and chief executive. 
The US company on Thursday said it had signed an agreement with Korea's Interpark, Gmarket's biggest 
shareholder, to buy a 29 per cent stake in Gmarket for $350m. Yahoo has also agreed to tender its 10 per cent 
stake in Gmarket to Ebay. 
Ebay said it planned to make a tender offer for the remaining shares in Gmarket at $24 a share to increase its 
stake to at least 67 per cent. If all outstanding shares are tendered, the deal would be worth about $1.2bn. 
The deal, expected to be closed in the second quarter, represents a 20 per cent premium on Gmarket's latest 
closing price. 
Ebay won approval for the deal from South Korea's Fair Trade Commission in September. Internet Auction and 
Gmarket reported $161.2m and $220.8m in 2008 revenue respectively. 
"South Korea has been chosen as a base for this global company to make inroads into Asia," Jay Lee, senior 
vice-president at Ebay, said. "We will seek to venture abroad based on Korea's advanced experiences and smart 
talent pool." 
Gmarket has become one of the most popular online shopping malls in South Korea, with its focus on fashion, 
low prices and aggressive marketing. The country is the world's most wired nation, with 95 per cent of households 
having access to broadband services. 
20090416_1290_315.xml 
Document FTCOM00020090416e54g003ml

Page 12 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Ebay to buy stake in SKorean online marketplace 
Ebay to buy stake in SKorean online marketplace 
BY KELLY OLSEN 
AP 
743 words 
16 April 2009 
05:22 
The Canadian Press 
CPR 
English 
(c) 2009 The Canadian Press. All rights reserved. 
SEOUL, South Korea _ EBay Inc. said Thursday it plans to pay as much as $1.2 billion for control of South 
Korea's top online marketplace, potentially one of the company's largest acquisitions as it moves to expand in 
Asia. 
San Jose, Calif.-based eBay and Gmarket Inc. said that eBay will make a cash tender offer of $24 a share to 
purchase all outstanding common shares and American depository shares in the South Korean company. 
The final purchase price could reach $1.2 billion if all shares are tendered, the companies said in a release. EBay 
would take a stake of at least 67 per cent, they said, based on tender agreements reached so far with Gmarket 
management and shareholders and new shares the South Korean company will issue. 
The deal comes as eBay struggles with declining earnings and revenue amid the U.S. recession and just two 
days after it announced the planned spinoff of Internet communications service Skype, which it acquired in 2005 
for $2.6 billion. 
EBay said it sees a bigger presence in Internet-savvy South Korea _ the world's sixth-largest e-commerce market 
_ as a way to tap Asia's growth. 
``Asia is a very fast moving market, fast growing market,'' John Pluhowski, an eBay vice president, said in Seoul. 
The proposed acquisition ``also allows us to build a platform for growth in Korea but also in regions throughout 
Asia and beyond.'' 
Pluhowski said the acquisition would be ``one of the largest since the company has been acquiring companies 
throughout the decade.'' 
Besides Skype, another high-profile acquisition for eBay came in 2002 when it bought online payment service 
PayPal for $1.3 billion. 
EBay and Gmarket, which is unlisted in South Korea, said that they had agreed for the U.S. company to combine 
Gmarket with eBay's existing online marketplace in South Korea, Internet Auction Company, or IAC. 
``The combination of Gmarket and IAC establishes an exceptionally strong leadership position for eBay in one of 
the world's largest, most dynamic and innovative e-commerce markets,'' John Donahoe, eBay's president and 
chief executive officer, said in the release. 
South Korea is the world's sixth-largest e-commerce market after the U.S., Germany, the United Kingdom, China 
and Japan, the release said. EBay acquired IAC in 2001. 
Park Joo-man, South Korean country manager for eBay, said that Gmarket and IAC had a combined market 
share of about 36 percent in South Korea as of last year. 
EBay and Gmarket said Thursday that they expect the deal to be closed during the second quarter of this year, 
contingent on the tender of the majority of outstanding shares and final regulatory approval in South Korea. 
A special committee of Gmarket's independent directors recommended approval of the transaction to the 
company's board, the release said. Gmarket was founded in April 2000 and listed on the Nasdaq exchange in the 
U.S. in June 2006.

Page 13 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
A Korea Fair Trade Commission official said the antitrust watchdog will review the deal, though approval is 
expected as long as it conforms with conditions specified in a preliminary approval eBay won last year. The 
official requested anonymity because he is not authorized to speak on the record. 
EBay announced in September that it had received preliminary approval for its potential purchase of a stake in 
Gmarket. At the time, the deal was focused on eBay acquiring what it said was 37 per cent of Gmarket shares 
held by South Korean online shopping and auction site Interpark Corp. and its chairman, Lee Ki-hyung. 
EBay and Gmarket said Thursday that Interpark and Lee had signed tender agreements to sell their 
approximately 34 per cent stake in Gmarket. 
Separately, Yahoo Inc. announced that it has agreed to sell its approximate 10 percent stake in Gmarket to eBay 
as part of the tender offer. Yahoo said it would maintain its other operations in South Korea following the sale. 
On Tuesday, eBay said it plans to spin off Skype through an initial public offering, undoing an acquisition that 
puzzled analysts and which eBay struggled to justify. 
EBay bought Skype on hopes that buyers and sellers on its online marketplace would use the service to 
communicate, but took a $900 million write-down on the business in 2007. 
Associated Press Writer Jae-soon Chang contributed to this report. 
20090416CPCPB6670 
Document CPR0000020090417e54g00008

Page 14 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Leading the News: Ebay to buy Korean online-auction service --- Purchase marks Web site's refocus on e-commerce 
Leading the News: Ebay to buy Korean online-auction service --- Purchase marks Web site's refocus on 
e-commerce 
By Evan Ramstad in Seoul and Geoffrey A. Fowler in San Francisco 
635 words 
16 April 2009 
The Wall Street Journal Asia 
AWSJ 
3
English 
(c) 2009 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. To see the edition in which this article appeared, click here 
EBay Inc. reached a tentative agreement to buy a controlling stake in Gmarket Inc., South Korea's largest online 
auction Web site, a move that would make eBay a leading provider of e-commerce services in the country. 
Ebay will pay $24 a share for the 34.2% stake of GMarket owned by Interpark Corp. and its chairman, Lee 
Ki-hyong, a premium of around 50% over GMarket's share price in the past month, according to a person familiar 
with the situation. The price values the stake at $413 million and the overall company at $1.21 billion. 
The companies reached a tentative agreement Wednesday, the person said, and planned to finalize it Thursday 
in Asia, following an eBay board meeting Wednesday in the U.S. Representatives of eBay and Interpark declined 
comment. 
The deal is in line with recent steps taken by eBay Chief Executive John Donahoe to refocus the U.S.-based 
company on its high-growth PayPal online payments arm and the core e-commerce business that fueled the 
company's early days. 
On Tuesday eBay unveiled a plan to separate its Skype Internet-phone business in an initial public offering. On 
Monday, the company sold Internet media company StumbleUpon back to its original owners and outside 
investors. 
With the Gmarket deal, eBay would become the largest player in South Korea's online auction market. An eBay 
subsidiary, Internet Auction Co., already operates the second-largest auction Web site in South Korea. It was 
unclear if eBay would merge these sites. 
Interpark, which also operates an online shopping mall, began to explore selling its stake in Gmarket in 2007. 
Ebay and Interpark said they were in talks last August. 
The two companies took the unusual step of seeking approval for a deal from the Korea Fair Trade Commission 
before they reached terms. The agency gave the nod in September, but talks between the firms stalled as the 
global economic downturn accelerated and pushed down share values of eBay and Gmarket. 
The deal would be the largest acquisition in value of a South Korean company by a foreign company this year 
and the third-largest of all deals in the country this year, according to Thomson Reuters. 
Gmarket shares aren't traded in South Korea. But the company lists American depositary receipts on the Nasdaq 
Stock Market. Those shares have traded recently around $16 apiece, but began climbing in recent weeks and 
jumped Monday after eDaily, a South Korean online news service, said eBay was close to a deal for the Gmarket 
stake. Gmarket closed at $19.34 a share in Nasdaq Stock Market trading on Tuesday. 
International business has come to account for more than half of eBay's revenue as the company has expanded 
and acquired e-commerce companies around the globe. Last year eBay said it had a 14% share of e-commerce 
around the word. 
Asia is eBay's fastest-growing region. Some 11% of eBay's revenue, about $1 billion, came from Asia last year, 
up 150% from $400 million in 2006. 
But the company hasn't been so successful in other parts of Asia. EBay entered Japan in 2000, but faced tough 
competition from Yahoo Inc.'s Japanese business, which was already a dominant force. The company exited the 
market in 2002.

Page 15 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EBay bought a Chinese online auction firm called Eachnet in 2003 but has had difficulty forging more deals to 
take a bigger presence in that market. 
--- 
SungHa Park in Seoul and Yumiko Ono in Tokyo contributed to this article. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document AWSJ000020090415e54g00001

Page 16 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
eBay (EBAY) Expands Into Korea With Gmarket (GMKT) At $24 Per Share 
eBay (EBAY) Expands Into Korea With Gmarket (GMKT) At $24 Per Share 
275 words 
15 April 2009 
StreetInsider.com 
STINS 
English 
Copyright 2009 StreetInsider.com. All Rights Reserved. 
eBay Inc. (Nasdaq: EBAY) and Gmarket Inc. (Nasdaq: GMKT) jointly announced a definitive agreement for eBay 
to combine Gmarket, Korea's leading e-commerce business, with eBay's existing online marketplace in Korea. 
Under the terms of the agreement, eBay will make a cash tender offer of $24.00 per share for all outstanding 
Gmarket common shares and American Depositary Shares, for a total purchase price of up to approximately $1.2 
billion assuming all outstanding shares are tendered. As of April 15, 2009, the consideration of $24.00 per share 
was equivalent to approximately 31,767 Korean won per share. 
At closing, eBay will hold at least 67% of Gmarket as a result of shares tendered pursuant to agreements to 
tender with members of management and other investors sufficient to satisfy the minimum tender condition, as 
well as new shares issued by Gmarket in connection with the combination of Gmarket and eBay's existing 
Korean marketplace business, Internet Auction Company. Shareholders that have signed agreements to tender 
include Interpark Corporation and its chairman, Ki Hyung Lee, current holders of approximately 34% of the 
outstanding shares of Gmarket. eBay will combine Gmarket's operations with IAC, while maintaining separate 
sites. 
"The combination of Gmarket and IAC establishes an exceptionally strong leadership position for eBay in one of 
the world's largest, most dynamic and innovative e-commerce markets," said John Donahoe, eBay's president 
and chief executive officer. "This deal creates strong operational synergies between the two market leaders, 
offers more opportunities for sellers and enhances our ability to serve complementary consumer segments." 
Document STINS00020090416e54f00010

Page 17 of 17 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Report: eBay to buy stake in SKorean auction site 
Report: eBay to buy stake in SKorean auction site 
AP 
257 words 
13 April 2009 
09:37 
The Canadian Press 
CPR 
English 
(c) 2009 The Canadian Press. All rights reserved. 
SEOUL, South Korea _ EBay Inc. will buy a substantial stake in the operator of a leading South Korean online 
marketplace, a news report said Monday. 
Online newspaper edaily reported that eBay will buy a 34.21 per cent stake in Gmarket Inc. from Interpark Corp. 
and its chairman Lee Ki-hyong for $24 a share, or US$413 million. 
Edaily, which quoted an unnamed industry source in mergers and acquisitions, said the deal was clinched last 
week during a visit to South Korea by eBay chief executive John Donahoe. 
The deal would make eBay the largest shareholder in Gmarket, the report said. 
An investor relations official at online shopping mall Interpark, who refused to give her name, said, however, that 
there was ``no assurance'' of a deal, a position confirmed by company spokeswoman Lee Eun-young. 
Paul Lee, general counsel for Gmarket, said his company was ``not in a position to comment.'' 
Interpark shares rose 2.9 per cent to close Monday at 6,650 won (US$5.05) after rising as much as 11.5 per cent 
earlier. Gmarket is unlisted. 
San Jose, California-based eBay said in September it received preliminary conditional approval from South 
Korean regulators for its potential purchase of a stake in Gmarket. 
The online auction site had announced in August it was in talks with Interpark and its chairman. 
If eBay does buy the stake, it would be its latest venture into the online auction market outside the United States. 
20090413CPCPB2283 
Document CPR0000020090414e54d0000s 
Search Summary 
Text John Donahoe AND GMarket 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2011 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company eBay Incorporated 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English 
News Filters Company: Ebay Gmarket Co Ltd

