Page 1 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Eaton sets $3 billion in deals outside U.S. --- Firm to buy Moeller of Bonn, launches tender offer in Taipei ..................2 
Eaton Sets $3 Billion in Deals to Expand Outside the U.S..............................................................................................3 
Corporate News: Eaton sets deal, tender offer to boost share outside U.S....................................................................5 
WSJ UPDATE: Eaton Announces Two Buys Amid Overseas Shift ................................................................................6

Page 2 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Eaton sets $3 billion in deals outside U.S. --- Firm to buy Moeller of Bonn, launches tender offer in Taipei 
Corporate News 
Eaton sets $3 billion in deals outside U.S. --- Firm to buy Moeller of Bonn, launches tender offer in Taipei 
By Kris Maher 
534 words 
21 December 2007 
The Wall Street Journal Europe 
WSJE 
5
English 
(Copyright (c) 2007, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
Industrial giant Eaton Corp. of the U.S. announced two deals valued at about $3 billion that would expand its 
electrical business and shift a greater percentage of its future sales and profit to faster-growing overseas markets. 
The moves cap a string of acquisitions and divestitures over the past few years designed to reduce the 
company's exposure to the weaker transportation market in North America and increase its share of the electrical 
power-distribution markets world-wide, particularly in Asia and Europe. 
Eaton agreed to acquire Moeller Group of Bonn for about $2.23 billion and launched a $565 million, or 
$1.54-a-share, tender offer to acquire Taipei-based Phoenixtec Power Co. Moeller supplies electrical products 
used in commercial and residential buildings to bring energy into buildings and distribute and control it. 
Phoenixtec produces uninterruptible power-supply systems, which clean power signals and provide backup 
power in case of cuts. Eaton said it has commitments from holders of 25% of Phoenixtec to tender their shares. 
Eaton said it hopes to close the deal, which will be financed by a mixture of cash, debt and equity and is subject 
to regulatory approval, in the first quarter of 2008. 
Eaton Chief Executive Officer Alexander Cutler said the deals would improve the company's product mix and 
cost structure and enable it to perform better throughout the economic cycle. Mr. Cutler noted that the 
transportation side of Eaton's business tends to do well in the early part of the economic cycle but weakens 
toward the latter part, while power distribution for commercial and residential buildings does well in the latter part. 
"This reduces our earnings volatility," said Mr. Cutler. Currently, the company's nontransportation electrical-power 
business accounts for 70% of sales. After the deals, that share would grow to 74%. 
The new businesses also could reduce the company's dependence on the strength of the North American 
economy and give it lower-cost production capabilities. In the mid-1990s, Eaton derived 80% of revenue from the 
U.S., Mr. Cutler said. Weakness in the North American heavy-duty-truck and residential-housing markets 
prompted the company to lower its fourth-quarter earnings outlook. After the latest deals are completed, more 
than half of Eaton's revenue would originate outside the U.S. Mr. Cutler said he doesn't see any more acquisitions 
in the short term and that the company will focus on integrating the two new companies. 
Analysts said the acquisitions will enable Eaton to sell into non-U.S. markets that require products with different 
electrical codes. "It gives them much broader offerings in the international electrical code," said Eli Lustgarten, an 
analyst at Longbow Securities, which is based in Cleveland. 
Eaton, which had 2006 sales of $12.4 billion, said the deals will add about $2 billion of annual sales, boosting its 
electrical business's annual sales to more than $7.5 billion. Eaton expects the deals to be neutral to its 2008 
operating earnings. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document WSJE000020071221e3cl0000o

Page 3 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Eaton Sets $3 Billion in Deals to Expand Outside the U.S. 
Corporate Focus 
Eaton Sets $3 Billion in Deals to Expand Outside the U.S. 
By Kris Maher 
488 words 
21 December 2007 
The Wall Street Journal 
J
A10 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2007, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
Eaton Corp. unveiled two deals valued at about $3 billion that would expand the industrial company's electrical 
business and shift a greater portion of its future sales and profit to faster-growing overseas markets. 
The moves cap a string of acquisitions and divestitures over the past few years designed to reduce exposure to 
the weaker transportation market in North America and increase the company's share of the electrical 
power-distribution markets world-wide, particularly in Asia and Europe. 
Eaton agreed to acquire Moeller Group of Bonn, Germany, for about $2.23 billion and launched a $565 million, or 
$1.54-a-share, tender offer to acquire Phoenixtec Power Co. of Taiwan. Moeller supplies electrical products to 
bring energy into commercial and residential buildings and distribute and control it. Phoenixtec produces 
uninterruptible power-supply systems, which clean power signals and provide backup power in case of cuts. 
Eaton's shares rose $5.46, or 6.1%, to $94.88 in 4 p.m. New York Stock Exchange composite trading. 
The new businesses could reduce the company's dependence on the strength of the North American economy 
and give it lower-cost production capabilities. In the mid-1990s, Eaton derived 80% of revenue from the U.S., 
Eaton Chief Executive Alexander Cutler said. Weakness in the North American heavy-duty-truck and 
residential-housing markets prompted the company in October to provide a lower-than-expected fourth-quarter 
profit outlook. 
After the latest deals are completed, more than half of Eaton's revenue would originate outside the U.S. Mr. Cutler 
said he doesn't see any more acquisitions in the short term and that the company will focus on integrating the two 
new companies. 
He said the deals would improve the company's product mix and cost structure, and enable it to perform better 
throughout the economic cycle. He said the transportation side of Eaton's business tends to do well in the early 
part of the economic cycle, but weakens toward the latter part, while power distribution for commercial and 
residential buildings does well in the latter part. 
"This reduces our earnings volatility," he said. The company's nontransportation electrical-power business 
accounts for 70% of sales. After the purchases, that share would grow to 74%. 
Analysts said the deals will enable Eaton to sell into non-U.S. markets requiring products with different electrical 
codes. "It gives them much broader offerings in the international electrical code," said Eli Lustgarten, an analyst at 
Longbow Securities of Cleveland. 
Eaton, which had 2006 sales of $12.4 billion, said the deals will add about $2 billion of annual sales, boosting its 
electrical business's annual sales to more than $7.5 billion. It expects the deals to be neutral to 2008 operating 
earnings.

Page 4 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document J000000020071221e3cl0001a

Page 5 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Corporate News: Eaton sets deal, tender offer to boost share outside U.S. 
Corporate News: Eaton sets deal, tender offer to boost share outside U.S. 
By Kris Maher 
453 words 
21 December 2007 
The Wall Street Journal Asia 
AWSJ 
9
English 
(c) 2007 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. To see the edition in which this article appeared, click here 
Industrial giant Eaton Corp. of the U.S. announced two deals valued at about $3 billion that would expand its 
electrical business and shift a greater percentage of its future sales and profit to faster-growing overseas markets. 
The moves cap a string of acquisitions and divestitures over the past few years designed to reduce the 
company's exposure to the weaker transportation market in North America and increase its share of the electrical 
power-distribution markets world-wide, particularly in Asia and Europe. 
Eaton agreed to acquire Moeller Group of Germany for about $2.23 billion and launched a $565 million, or 
$1.54-a-share, tender offer to acquire Taipei-based Phoenixtec Power Co. Moeller supplies electrical products 
used in commercial and residential buildings to bring energy into buildings and distribute and control it. 
Phoenixtec produces uninterruptible power-supply systems, which clean power signals and provide backup 
power in case of power cuts. Eaton said it has commitments from holders of 25% of Phoenixtec to tender their 
shares. Eaton said it hopes to close the deal, which will be financed by a mixture of cash, debt and equity and is 
subject to regulatory approval, in the first quarter of 2008. 
Eaton CEO Alexander Cutler said the deals would improve the company's product mix and cost structure and 
enable it to perform better throughout the economic cycle. Mr. Cutler noted that the transportation side of Eaton's 
business tends to do well in the early part of the economic cycle but weakens toward the latter part, while power 
distribution for commercial and residential buildings does well in the latter part. "This reduces our earnings 
volatility," said Mr. Cutler. Currently, the company's nontransportation electrical-power business accounts for 70% 
of sales. After the deals, that share would grow to 74%. 
The new businesses could also reduce the company's dependence on the strength of the North American 
economy. Prior to 2000, Eaton derived 80% of revenue from the U.S., Mr. Cutler said. Weakness in the North 
American heavy-duty-truck and residential-housing markets prompted the company to lower its fourth-quarter 
earnings outlook. After the latest deals are completed, more than half of Eaton's revenue would originate outside 
the U.S. Mr. Cutler said he doesn't see any more acquisitions in the short term and that the company will focus on 
integrating the two new companies. 
Analysts said the acquisitions will enable Eaton to sell into non-U.S. markets that require products with different 
electrical codes. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document AWSJ000020071220e3cl0001o

Page 6 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
WSJ UPDATE: Eaton Announces Two Buys Amid Overseas Shift 
WSJ UPDATE: Eaton Announces Two Buys Amid Overseas Shift 
724 words 
20 December 2007 
12:59 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(c) 2007 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
By Kris Maher 
Of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL 
Industrial giant Eaton Corp. (ETN) announced two acquisitions valued at about $3 billion that would expand its 
electrical business and shift a greater percentage of its future sales and profits to faster-growing markets 
overseas. 
The moves cap a string of acquisitions and divestitures over the past few years designed to reduce the 
company's exposure to the weaker transportation market in North America and increase its share of the electrical 
power distribution markets worldwide, particularly in Asia and Europe. 
Eaton, of Cleveland, agreed to acquire Moeller Group of Bonn, Germany, for about $2.23 billion, and launched a 
$565 million, or $1.54 a share, tender offer to acquire Taipei-based Phoenixtec Power Co. (2411.TW). Moeller 
supplies electrical products used in commercial and residential buildings to bring energy into buildings and 
distribute and control it. Phoenixtec produces uninterruptible power-supply systems, which clean power signals 
and provide back-up power in case of power cuts. Eaton said it has commitments from holders of 25% of 
Phoenixtec to tender their shares. Eaton said it hopes to close the deal, which will be financed through mixture of 
cash, debt and equity and is subject to regulatory approval, in the first quarter of 2008. 
Eaton Chief Executive Alexander Cutler said the acquisitions will improve the company's product mix and cost 
structure and enable it to perform better throughout the economic cycle. Cutler noted that the transportation side 
of Eaton's business tends to do well in the early part of the economic cycle but weakens toward the latter part, 
while power distribution for commercial and residential building does well in the latter part. "This reduces our 
earnings volatility," said Cutler. Currently, the company's nontransportation electrical power business accounts for 
70% of its sales. After the acquisitions, that share will grow to 74%. 
The new businesses could also reduce the company's dependence on the strength of the North American 
economy and give it lower cost production capabilities. Prior to 2000, Eaton derived 80% of revenue from the 
U.S., Cutler said. Weakness in the North American heavy-duty truck and residential housing markets prompted 
the company to lower its fourth-quarter earnings outlook. After the latest deals are completed, more than half of 
Eaton's revenue will originate outside the U.S. Cutler said he doesn't see any more acquisitions in the short-term 
and that the company will focus on integrating the two new companies. 
Analysts said the acquisitions will enable Eaton to sell into foreign markets that require products with different 
electrical codes. "It gives them much broader offerings in the international electrical code," said Eli Lustgarten, an 
analyst at Longbow Securities, which is based in Cleveland. 
Eaton, which had 2006 sales of $12.4 billion, said the deals will add about $2 billion of annual sales, boosting its 
electrical business's annual sales to more than $7.5 billion. Eaton expects the deals to be neutral to its 2008 
operating earnings, but sees them adding between 25 cents to 35 cents a share to 2009 earnings. 
Moeller estimates 2007 earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of $245 million on sales of 
$1.47 billion. Phoenixtec estimates Ebitda for 2007 at $52 million on sales of $595 million. Closing conditions 
include a minimum of 51% of the Taiwan company's shares must be tendered to the offer. 
-By Kris Maher; The Wall Street Journal; 412-553-6906

Page 7 of 7 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Corrected December 20, 2007 14:06 ET (19:06 GMT) [ 12-20-07 1259ET ] 
Eaton Chief Executive Alexander Cutler said the acquisitions will improve the company's product mix and cost 
structure and enable it to perform better throughout the economic cycle. Cutler noted that the transportation side 
of Eaton's business tends to do well in the early part of the economic cycle but weakens toward the latter part, 
while power distribution for commercial and residential building does well in the latter part. "This reduces our 
earnings volatility," said Cutler. Currently, the company's nontransportation electrical power business accounts for 
70% of its sales. After the acquisitions, that share will grow to 74%. 
(A story published at 12:59 p.m. EST incorrectly referred to Eaton's power-distribution business.) [ 12-20-07 
1403ET ] 
Document DJ00000020071220e3ck000ls 
Search Summary 
Text Alexander Cutler AND Phoenixtec 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2008 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Eaton Corp. Plc 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

