Page 1 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Kidde Agrees To Be Acquired For 2.12 Billion Euros......................................................................................................2 
United Technologies to Buy Maker of Fire-Safety Gear..................................................................................................3 
United Technologies seals deal for fire-safety device firm ..............................................................................................4 
Kidde Accepts $2.84 Billion Bid From United Technologies ...........................................................................................6 
Kidde accused of selling shareholders short in UTC deal...............................................................................................7 
Kidde accused of selling shareholders short in UTC deal...............................................................................................8 
Kidde succumbs to pounds 17m `sweetener'..................................................................................................................9 
Kidde prepares for £1.4bn takeover ..............................................................................................................................10 
AMERICA'S UTC GETS KIDDE AT LAST FOR £1.44BN.............................................................................................11 
United Technologies' Takeover Offer of 165 Pence Per Share Accepted by Kidde Plc Board of Directors..................12 
UPDATE: United Tech Deal Shows Appeal Of Fire & Security.....................................................................................14 
Crunch time for Kidde over offer ...................................................................................................................................16 
UTC dismayed by `leaky' bankers in takeover bid ........................................................................................................17 
United Tech CEO says won't overpay for Kidde. ..........................................................................................................18 
Kidde will open books for higher UTC bid .....................................................................................................................19 
Kidde Rebuffs United Technologies ..............................................................................................................................20 
United Technologies' Offer For U.K.'s Kidde Is Rebuffed .............................................................................................21 
WSJ(10/22) United Technologies' Offer For Kidde Rebuffed........................................................................................22 
British fire safety firm rebuffs United Technologies purchase plan ...............................................................................23

Page 2 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Kidde Agrees To Be Acquired For 2.12 Billion Euros 
Companies 
Kidde Agrees To Be Acquired For 2.12 Billion Euros 
A Wall Street Journal News Roundup 
352 words 
17 December 2004 
The Wall Street Journal Europe 
WSJE 
A4 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2004, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
British fire-and-safety company Kidde PLC agreed to an acquisition offer from United Technologies Corp. that 
values the company at GBP 1.46 billion (2.12 billion euros), or 167 pence a share (2.42 euros), ending a 
three-month standoff in which United Technologies had considered pursuing a hostile takeover. 
The offer, of 165 pence a share plus a two-pence interim dividend, is seven pence higher than United 
Technologies' original offer made in September. But it is well under the 180 pence to 200 pence that Kidde 
officials initially said the company was worth. Under Britain's takeover rules, Thursday was the final day for United 
Technologies to extend an final offer or walk away from the deal. The final price agreed to by Kidde's board was 
34% higher than the level its shares were trading on the London Stock Exchange before talks of an acquisition 
began. 
United Technologies Chairman and Chief Executive George David said he believed that the Hartford, 
Connecticut, aerospace-products and building-services company had paid a "full price for a good asset." The 
acquisition of Kidde is Mr. David's second foray into the commercial-security and safety market. Last year, the 
company bought Britain's Chubb PLC as a separate unit that would complement United Technologies' existing 
Otis elevator and Carrier air-conditioning businesses. Combined, Kidde and Chubb will have about 10% of the 
global market for commercial fire protection. Mr. David has said repeatedly that he planned to double the size of 
the Chubb unit through acquisitions. Kidde reported 2003 revenue of GBP 938 million. 
Kidde Chairman Norman Askew declined to comment on the number of Kidde employees that might lose their 
jobs as a result of the takeover, adding that United Technologies is "attracted to all parts of the company." 
In London, Kidde shares rose 6.50 pence to 165.5 pence. United Technologies shares were trading at $102.03, 
off 37 cents, in afternoon composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange. 
Document WSJE000020041217e0ch0001y

Page 3 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
United Technologies to Buy Maker of Fire-Safety Gear 
Business/Financial Desk; SECTW 
United Technologies to Buy Maker of Fire-Safety Gear 
By HEATHER TIMMONS 
361 words 
17 December 2004 
The New York Times 
NYTF 
Late Edition - Final 
1
English 
Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company. All Rights Reserved. 
LONDON, Dec. 16 -- United Technologies said Thursday that it had agreed to buy the British fire-safety company 
Kidde for $2.8 billion, ending months of negotiations. 
United Technologies, which owns a diverse group of companies that produces things like airplane engines and 
elevators, will pay 165 pence ($3.18) a share for Kidde, plus a dividend of 2 pence a share. United Technologies, 
an American company based in Hartford, offered 160 pence a share for Kidde in October and increased that by 5 
pence a share earlier this month. 
The price is a 34 percent premium to the price of Kidde's shares on Oct. 20, the day before United Technologies 
said it was interested in the British company, but was lower than the 170 pence a share that some analysts said 
Kidde would bring. Shares of Kidde rose 6.5 pence, to 165.5 pence in London. Shares of United Technologies 
fell 40 cents, to $102. The acquisition will bolster United Technologies' building equipment unit, which already 
includes Otis Elevators, Carrier air-conditioning systems and Chubb electronic security systems. 
Kidde, based in Slough, England, supplies fire extinguishers and alarms to homes, commercial buildings and 
industries like airlines and oil platforms. The company, which, along with Chubb, was once part of Williams 
P.L.C., has 7,750 employees in 29 countries and had $1.53 billion in revenue in 2003. 
''We believe that the offer represents a fair price, giving an outstanding return when compared with the share 
price of Kidde of 69.5 pence immediately following demerger in November 2000,'' Kidde's chairman, Norman 
Askew, said in a statement. Kidde agreed this month to allow United Technologies access to its books, expecting 
that it would lead to an improved offer. 
The chairman and chief executive of United Technologies, George David, added, ''We are pleased that we were 
able to reach an agreement with the Kidde board.'' 
The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2005. UBS is acting as the financial adviser for United 
Technologies; Citigroup is advising Kidde. 
Document NYTF000020041217e0ch0000h

Page 4 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
United Technologies seals deal for fire-safety device firm 
United Technologies seals deal for fire-safety device firm 
By Michael Remez, The Hartford Courant, Conn. 
Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News 
625 words 
17 December 2004 
The Hartford Courant (KRTBN) 
KRTHC 
English 
Copyright (C) 2004 KRTBN Knight Ridder Tribune Business News 
Dec. 17--United Technologies Corp. has reached an agreement to buy Kidde PLC, the British maker of fire 
protection equipment, in a deal valued at about $2.8 billion, the companies announced Thursday. 
Acquiring Kidde would help UTC build the security systems business it entered last year when it bought Chubb 
PLC, which was once part of the same British conglomerate as Kidde. 
With fire suppression products for airplanes, buildings and factories, Kidde's offerings complement UTC's 
aerospace and building services businesses. 
In the deal Kidde directors will bring to shareholders, UTC agreed to pay 165 pence per share of Kidde, plus a 2 
pence special dividend -- together about $3.22 a share. 
The deal is expected to close in the first quarter of 2005, the companies said. 
UTC initially offered to pay as much as 160 pence a share, subject to due diligence, but that was rejected as too 
low by Kidde directors. Last week, UTC submitted a revamped offer of as much as 165 pence, which led Kidde 
to open its books to its suitor. 
UTC Chairman George David said a combined Chubb and Kidde would complement the company's other 
building services divisions, Otis Elevator and Carrier Corp., both global leaders in their markets. 
"We are a gigantic provider of capital equipment for buildings." David said in an appearance on CNBC's "Squawk 
Box." "We have a presence in millions and millions of commercial buildings in the world, and obviously fire 
protection and commercial electronic security go right alongside that." 
Paul Nisbet, an industry analyst who tracks UTC for JSA Research in Newport, R.I., said Kidde is a good fit with 
UTC, adding that some European analysts had thought UTC would have to pay as much as 170 pence per share 
to close the deal. 
He said a rival suitor still could try to trump UTC's bid, although no alternative surfaced during the courtship that 
led to Thursday's announcement. 
Kidde Chairman Norman Askew, speaking in a conference call with reporters, said the deal represented a 35 
percent premium from the company's share price before the initial approach and a 67 percent premium from the 
share price a year ago. 
David told CNBC that the price is fair. 
"We put a full price on the table right up front for a good asset. We had said up to 160 pence. And I said to their 
chairman there's always a couple of points of facilitation to get something done," David said. "We stood to that. 
We like it a lot, it fits well, and I think their shareholders are well compensated." In a world changed by the Sept. 
11, 2001, terror attacks, UTC and several other large companies -- including General Electric and Honeywell -- 
have moved to build their security businesses with acquisitions. 
Kidde had revenue of about $1.8 billion in 2003 at current exchange rates. It has about 9,000 employees. 
Kidde has been performing well, lifted by a recovery in commercial aerospace and growth in demand for its fire 
safety products, especially in the United States. 
Earlier this year, Kidde was chosen to provide fire protection equipment for Boeing's new 7E7 Dreamliner. That 
program is also important to UTC's Hamilton Sundstrand division.

Page 5 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Chubb and Kidde were part of the Williams conglomerate until they were spun off in 2001. Last year, UTC bought 
Chubb for slightly more than $1 billion in cash. 
----- 
To see more of The Hartford Courant, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to http://www.ctnow.com . 
(c) 2004, The Hartford Courant, Conn. Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. 
Document KRTHC00020041217e0ch0005m

Page 6 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Kidde Accepts $2.84 Billion Bid From United Technologies 
Kidde Accepts $2.84 Billion Bid From United Technologies 
A Wall Street Journal News Roundup 
413 words 
17 December 2004 
The Wall Street Journal 
J
A6 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2004, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
British fire-and-safety company Kidde PLC agreed to an acquisition offer from United Technologies Corp. that 
values the company at GBP 1.46 billion ($2.84 billion), or 167 pence a share ($3.24), ending a three-month 
standoff in which United Technologies had considered pursuing a hostile takeover. 
The offer, of 165 pence a share plus a two-pence interim dividend, is seven pence higher than United 
Technologies' original offer made in September. But it is well under the 180 pence to 200 pence that Kidde 
officials initially said the company was worth. Under Britain's takeover rules, Thursday was the final day for United 
Technologies to extend a final offer or walk away from the deal. The final price agreed to by Kidde's board was 
34% higher than the level its shares were trading on the London Stock Exchange before talks of an acquisition 
began. 
United Technologies Chairman and Chief Executive George David said he believed that the Hartford, Conn., 
aerospace-products and building-services company had paid a "full price for a good asset." The Kidde acquisition 
is Mr. David's second foray into the commercial-security and safety market. Last year, the company bought 
Britain's Chubb PLC as a separate unit that would complement United Technologies' existing Otis elevator and 
Carrier air-conditioning businesses. Combined, Kidde and Chubb will have about 10% of the global market for 
commercial fire protection. Mr. David has said repeatedly that he planned to double the size of the Chubb unit 
through acquisitions. 
Kidde was particularly attractive because in addition to its commercial and residential fire and safety products, it 
is an important player in similar products used widely on commercial airplanes. Earlier this year, Kidde won the 
contract to provide the fire-protection system for Boeing Co.'s new 7E7 Dreamliner aircraft. 
Kidde Chairman Norman Askew declined to comment on the number of Kidde employees that might lose their 
jobs as a result of the takeover, adding that United Technologies is "attracted to all parts of the company." Kidde 
has around 7,750 employees world-wide. The business reported 2003 revenue of GBP 938 million. 
In London, Kidde shares rose 6.50 pence to 165.5 pence. United Technologies shares fell 40 cents to $102 in 4 
p.m. composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document J000000020041217e0ch0000e

Page 7 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Kidde accused of selling shareholders short in UTC deal 
Business 
Kidde accused of selling shareholders short in UTC deal 
Michael Harrison Business Editor 
502 words 
17 December 2004 
The Independent 
IND 
37 
English 
(c) 2004 Independent Newspapers (UK) Limited . All rights reserved. This material may not be published, 
distributed or exploited in any way. 
THE FIRE protection group Kidde came under fire yesterday for selling itself too cheaply after it succumbed to a 
£1.44bn offer from the giant American conglomerate United Technologies. 
Kidde rejected a bid of 160p from UTC two months ago, saying it "materially undervalued" the group, but has 
now agreed to be bought for just 5p a share more plus a 2p special interim dividend. 
Norman Askew, the chairman of Kidde, said the 165p offer represented a "fair price" compared with the 69.5p a 
share which the business was valued at when it was demerged from the rest of the former Williams Holdings 
group four years ago and UTC"s 140p sighting shot in early summer. 
But analysts said Kidde should have held out for a higher price. Michael Blogg of Arbuthnot described the offer 
as "disappointing", adding he was "dismayed by the volte-face" carried out by the Kidde board. "We regard 165p 
as insufficient to compensate for Kidde"s excellent prospects," he said. Harry Philips of Williams de Broe also 
questioned the price, suggesting Kidde could have got another 5p a share out of UTC, whose chairman and chief 
executive is George David. 
Kidde argued the further deterioration in the dollar since the initial takeover approach in late October had 
weakened its hand. The company said it had to bear in mind what UTC was prepared to pay and also the impact 
of the weaker dollar on its own profits, which are expected to take a £10m hit due to currency movements. About 
50 per cent of Kidde"s business is in the US. 
Some analysts speculated that UTC"s recommended offer could flush out rival bidders. Arbuthnot"s Mr Blogg said 
Kidde was finally "in play" and cited Honeywell, General Electric and Siemens as potential suitors. 
In an effort to shore up its position, UTC"s brokers waded into the market yesterday and snapped up 7.5 per cent 
of Kidde, taking its total shareholding to 10 per cent. The offer represents a 34 premium to Kidde"s price the day 
before UTC made its first formal offer in October. It also values the company at 18 times its 2004 earnings. 
There is no poison pill or inducement fee to pay should Kidde pull out of the deal and the only shareholders who 
have given irrevocable undertakings to accept UTC"s offer are the management. That leaves the door open to 
another bidder, but some observers questioned whether an auction would develop given that UTC made its first 
approach two months ago and that had not flushed out any other bidders. 
Provided the deal with UTC goes through, it will see a large part of the old Williams empire reconstituted under 
American ownership. UTC already owns Chubb, the security business which was demerged at the same time as 
Kidde. The other main leg of Williams, the Yale locks division, was bought by the Swedes. 
Document IND0000020041217e0ch0003y

Page 8 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Kidde accused of selling shareholders short in UTC deal 
Business 
Kidde accused of selling shareholders short in UTC deal 
Michael Harrison Business Editor 
502 words 
17 December 2004 
The Independent 
IND 
37 
English 
(c) 2004 Independent Newspapers (UK) Limited . All rights reserved. This material may not be published, 
distributed or exploited in any way. 
THE FIRE protection group Kidde came under fire yesterday for selling itself too cheaply after it succumbed to a 
£1.44bn offer from the giant American conglomerate United Technologies. 
Kidde rejected a bid of 160p from UTC two months ago, saying it "materially undervalued" the group, but has 
now agreed to be bought for just 5p a share more plus a 2p special interim dividend. 
Norman Askew, the chairman of Kidde, said the 165p offer represented a "fair price" compared with the 69.5p a 
share which the business was valued at when it was demerged from the rest of the former Williams Holdings 
group four years ago and UTC"s 140p sighting shot in early summer. 
But analysts said Kidde should have held out for a higher price. Michael Blogg of Arbuthnot described the offer 
as "disappointing", adding he was "dismayed by the volte-face" carried out by the Kidde board. "We regard 165p 
as insufficient to compensate for Kidde"s excellent prospects," he said. Harry Philips of Williams de Broe also 
questioned the price, suggesting Kidde could have got another 5p a share out of UTC, whose chairman and chief 
executive is George David. 
Kidde argued the further deterioration in the dollar since the initial takeover approach in late October had 
weakened its hand. The company said it had to bear in mind what UTC was prepared to pay and also the impact 
of the weaker dollar on its own profits, which are expected to take a £10m hit due to currency movements. About 
50 per cent of Kidde"s business is in the US. 
Some analysts speculated that UTC"s recommended offer could flush out rival bidders. Arbuthnot"s Mr Blogg said 
Kidde was finally "in play" and cited Honeywell, General Electric and Siemens as potential suitors. 
In an effort to shore up its position, UTC"s brokers waded into the market yesterday and snapped up 7.5 per cent 
of Kidde, taking its total shareholding to 10 per cent. The offer represents a 34 premium to Kidde"s price the day 
before UTC made its first formal offer in October. It also values the company at 18 times its 2004 earnings. 
There is no poison pill or inducement fee to pay should Kidde pull out of the deal and the only shareholders who 
have given irrevocable undertakings to accept UTC"s offer are the management. That leaves the door open to 
another bidder, but some observers questioned whether an auction would develop given that UTC made its first 
approach two months ago and that had not flushed out any other bidders. 
Provided the deal with UTC goes through, it will see a large part of the old Williams empire reconstituted under 
American ownership. UTC already owns Chubb, the security business which was demerged at the same time as 
Kidde. The other main leg of Williams, the Yale locks division, was bought by the Swedes. 
Document IND0000020041216e0ch0009d

Page 9 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Kidde succumbs to pounds 17m `sweetener' 
City: 
Kidde succumbs to pounds 17m `sweetener' 
By Alistair Osborne Associate City Editor 
399 words 
17 December 2004 
The Daily Telegraph 
DT 
35 
English 
(c) 2004 Telegraph Group Limited, London 
UNITED Technologies Corporation clinched the acquisition of Kidde yesterday after sweetening its 165p-a-share 
offer for the fire protection group with a final dividend of 2p per share. The extra dividend was enough to win a 
recommendation from the Kidde board for a deal which values the company at pounds 1.44billion, before the 
pounds 17m dividend. Kidde shares rose 61/2 to 1651/2p as some analysts said it was "unlikely" another bidder 
would enter. The New York- listed UTC, which is capitalised at $53billion and owns Otis lifts and Pratt & Whitney 
jet engines, strengthened its grip by buying shares in the market, raising its stake from 2.6pc to about 10pc. The 
deal crystallises directors' options and performance shares. Michael Harper, the Kidde chief executive who 
retires early next year, will take out about pounds 4m, plus pounds 1m more from selling his shares. Finance 
director John Nicholas will net a total of more than pounds 3m. 
Some analysts were disappointed with the price, given that, in October, Kidde rejected UTC's initial approach at 
160p per share, arguing it "materially undervalued" the company. Mike Blogg, an analyst at Arbuthnot Securities, 
said it was "surprising" the board now felt it could recommend the deal. Yesterday Norman Askew, Kidde's 
chairman, said: "We were comfortable with all the statements we made at various stages and we believe we got 
full and fair value." He said that, when the board made its statement in October, it was "partly negotiating, of 
course". The weakness of the US dollar, affected not only how much UTC could pay, but also Kidde's own 
business. Last year, when Kidde made pounds 86.5m pre-tax, about half its pounds 938m sales came from the 
US. Mr Askew said: "The story for me is the superb job Mike Harper and his team have done over the past four 
years since Kidde was demerged at 691/2p." The deal effectively restores the former Williams conglomerate, 
which was split up in November 2000, with Chubb and Kidde going their own ways. UTC bought Chubb, for 
pounds 1.1billion, including debts, in June 2003. George David, UTC's chairman and chief executive, said Kidde 
would "further augment" its "pervasive presence in buildings" that included such products as Otis lifts and Chubb 
security. 
Document DT00000020041217e0ch0000h

Page 10 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Kidde prepares for £1.4bn takeover 
Business 
Kidde prepares for £1.4bn takeover 
John Revill 
428 words 
17 December 2004 
Birmingham Post 
BMP 
21 
English 
(c) 2004 Birmingham Post & Mail Ltd 
Fire-extinguisher maker Kidde has agreed a £1.4 billion takeover offer by American industrial conglomerate 
United Technologies Corporation in the latest phase of consolidation of the globalsecurity equipment industry. 
The offer values Sloughbased Kidde shares at 165p, though UTC will also pay shareholders an extra 2 pence 
per share in lieu of a final dividend. 
Kidde chairman, Norman Askew, defended the decision to accept UTC"s revised terms and denied that the board 
had been "under pressure" from UTC. 
He said: "The board has done everything possible and considered every option to maximise value for 
shareholders, including looking at other potential bid candidates." 
He said Kidde"s businesses will benefit from being part of an organisation as large as UTC, with the scale and 
financial resources to compete even more effectively than in the past. 
Mr Askew described the offer price as fair, pointing out that the stock had been trading at 69 1 /2p pence 
immediately following the company"s demerger from Williams Holdings in November 2000. 
Kidde shares have risen by around a third since speculation of a takeover first emerged on October 21. 
The announcement follows Kidde"s statement earlier this month that it had received a fresh approach from UTC 
valuing its shares at around 165 pence, the UK group having in October spurned another informal offer pitched at 
160 pence. 
Merrill Lynch analyst Lorna Pearson described the offer as "quite a good deal" for Kidde shareholders given that 
no other bidder had emerged since the original proposal was revealed. 
But others disagreed with Arbuthnot analyst Michael Blogg describing the offer as "disappointing". 
He said: "Having rebutted an earlier approach, we are dismayed by this volte face." Mr Blogg said other groups 
such as Honeywell International, General Electric and Siemens AG could yet launch a counter offer. 
The deal is the latest in a wave of consolidation within the global-fire detection and security industry as firms look 
to expand their product ranges and cut costs. 
On Monday, American industrial giant Honeywell agreed to pay around £960 million for Novar, partly to boost its 
presence in the security and fire protection business. GE on December 6 completed its £450 million takeover of 
Invision Technologies, a US maker of airport bomb-detection gear. 
UTC chairman and chief executive, George David, said: "We already have a pervasive presence in buildings 
worldwide. Kidde"s industrial fire protection and suppression products will further augment this presence." 
Kidde"s shares closed at 165 1 /2p up 6 1 /2p. 
Document BMP0000020041217e0ch00032

Page 11 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
AMERICA'S UTC GETS KIDDE AT LAST FOR £1.44BN. 
AMERICA'S UTC GETS KIDDE AT LAST FOR £1.44BN. 
FIRE extinguishers maker Kidde has fallen to US giant United Technologies Corporation after finally agreeing to 
a 165p-a-share bid valuing the company at £1.44 billion, writes Robert Lea. 
247 words 
16 December 2004 
The Evening Standard 
NS 
English 
(c) 2004 Associated Newspapers. All rights reserved 
After weeks of wrangling in which the offer has been taken right to a Takeover Panel-imposed deadline, Kidde's 
board - which had previously signalled a 160p offer was far too low - today recommended the Americans' offer 
after agreeing UTC would fork out for an extra 2p dividend sweetener to Kidde shareholders. 
UTC is effectively reassembling the old Williams Holdings conglomerate. Kidde and security group Chubb were 
demerged out of Williams in 2000, the latter being bought by UTC last year. UTC is assembling an impressive 
array of office and factory support systems products. 
'With Otis elevators, Carrier [air conditioning] and Chubb we already have a pervasive presence in buildings 
worldwide,' said UTC chairman and chief executive George David. 'Kidde's industrial fire protection and 
suppression products will further augment this presence.' 
The offer represents a 34% premium to the shares before UTC showed its hand in October. Kidde shares leapt 
to 170p after the initial interest but have been lower in recent days, opening today at 159p, suggesting the market 
did not believe Kidde's board, under Norman Askew, would give in to UTC's advances. 
The shares, floated four years ago at 691/2p, have broken through 100p only in the last 12 months. 
Document NS00000020041216e0cg0002w

Page 12 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
United Technologies' Takeover Offer of 165 Pence Per Share Accepted by Kidde Plc Board of Directors 
United Technologies' Takeover Offer of 165 Pence Per Share Accepted by Kidde Plc Board of Directors 
856 words 
16 December 2004 
02:00 
PR Newswire (U.S.) 
PRN 
English 
Copyright © 2004 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. 
HARTFORD, Conn., Dec. 16 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- United Technologies Corp. announced today that Kidde 
Plc's Board of Directors has unanimously recommended a cash takeover offer of 165 U.K. pence per share, or 
$2.8 billion. Kidde shareholders will also receive a special interim dividend of two pence per share in lieu of a 
final dividend for the year. 
The U.K.-based Kidde supplies fire and safety products including aircraft fire protection systems. It has operating 
companies in 29 countries, employs approximately 7,750 people and distributes products and services worldwide 
to commercial, industrial, aerospace, combustion control and retail customers. It reported 2003 revenue of 938 
million pounds (approximately $1.53 billion). 
The 165 pence offer represents a premium of approximately 34 percent over the closing price of Kidde shares on 
October 20, the last trading day before UTC's interest in acquiring the company was disclosed. The transaction is 
expected to close in the first quarter of 2005 subject to customary conditions including regulatory agency 
approvals and compliance with required filing and other regulations. 
"We are pleased that we were able to reach an agreement with the Kidde board," said UTC Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer George David. 
"Kidde's addition will further enhance UTC's product portfolios. With Otis elevators, Carrier HVAC systems and 
Chubb electronic security, we already have a pervasive presence in buildings worldwide. Kidde's industrial fire 
protection and suppression products will further augment this presence," David said. "Additionally, Kidde makes 
fire protection systems that equip most of the aircraft flying today." 
Norman Askew, Chairman of Kidde, said, "We believe that this offer is in the interests of Kidde's shareholders, 
customers and employees. Kidde's businesses will benefit from being part of an organization as large as UTC, 
with the scale and financial resources to compete even more effectively than in the past. For shareholders, we 
believe that the offer represents a fair price, giving an outstanding return when compared with the share price of 
Kidde of 69.5p immediately following demerger in November 2000." 
UBS Investment Bank is acting as financial adviser for UTC while Citigroup is advising Kidde. 
United Technologies Corp., based in Hartford, Conn., is a diversified company that provides high-technology 
products and services to the building systems and aerospace industries worldwide. In addition to Otis, Carrier and 
Chubb, UTC's companies include Pratt & Whitney, Hamilton Sundstrand, Sikorsky and UTC Power. 
Further information including the offer announcement will be available on UTC's Web site at http://www.utc.com/ . 
This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of 
an offer to buy any securities, pursuant to the offer or otherwise. The offer will be made solely by the offer 
document and the related form of acceptance accompanying the offer document, which will contain the full terms 
and conditions of the offer, including details of how the offer may be accepted. 
This release includes "forward-looking statements" that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those 
pertaining to Kidde and the anticipated benefits of the proposed acquisition of Kidde. Factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in this release include, among others: the inability to 
obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to obtain them on acceptable terms; the inability to integrate 
successfully Kidde within UTC or to realize synergies from such integration within the time periods anticipated; 
changes in anticipated costs related to the acquisition of Kidde; and the economic environment of the industries 
in which UTC and Kidde operate. Additional factors that could cause Kidde's actual results to differ materially 
from those anticipated include, among others: general economic conditions and the level of public and private 
infrastructure expenditure in each of Kidde's markets; changes in local government regulations and policies in

Page 13 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Kidde's markets; and Kidde's ability to integrate acquisitions into its business. For information identifying 
additional economic, political, climatic, currency, regulatory, technological, competitive and important factors that 
could cause UTC's actual results to differ materially from those anticipated, see UTC's SEC filings as updated 
from time to time, including, but not limited to, the discussion included in the Business section of UTC's annual 
report on Form 10-K under the headings "General," "Description of Business by Segment" and "Other Matters 
Relating to the Corporation's Business as a Whole" and the information included in UTC's 10-K and 10-Q reports 
under the heading "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." 
Neither UTC nor Kidde undertakes any obligation to update publicly or revise forward-looking statements, 
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Forward-looking statements only speak as of 
the date on which they are made and the forward-looking events discussed herein may not occur. 
Web site: http://www.utc.com/ 
Company News On-Call: http://www.prnewswire.com/comp/913919.html 
Document PRN0000020041216e0cg001uq

Page 14 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE: United Tech Deal Shows Appeal Of Fire & Security 
UPDATE: United Tech Deal Shows Appeal Of Fire & Security 
By Peter Loftus 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
590 words 
16 December 2004 
14:16 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(c) 2004 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
PHILADELPHIA (Dow Jones)--The clamor for fire-protection and security companies continued Thursday with 
United Technologies Corp.'s (UTX) plan to acquire Kidde PLC (KID.LN) for about $2.8 billion. 
United Technologies, the Hartford, Conn., industrial conglomerate, said Thursday its cash takeover offer of 165 
U.K. pence per Kidde share was accepted by Kidde's board. United, which makes Otis elevators and Carrier air 
conditioners, had been pursuing Kidde for several weeks and raised its offer at least once. The deal is expected 
to close in the first quarter of 2005, subject to regulatory approval. 
Kidde, based in the U.K., makes fire and safety products, including aircraft fire protection systems. It has 7,750 
employees and had revenue of about $1.53 billion in 2003. United, with more than 200,000 employees, had $31 
billion in revenue in 2003. 
It's the latest in a series of acquisitions in the building management, fire, safety and security sectors. Earlier this 
week, Honeywell International Inc. (HON) agreed to acquire the U.K.'s Novar PLC (NVR.LN) for $2.4 billion, 
including debt assumption. Honeywell plans to keep a Novar unit that makes fire, security and 
building-management systems, but will explore selling off Novar's other two units. 
Last month, General Electric Co. (GE) agreed to acquire Edwards Systems Technology, which makes 
fire-detection systems, from SPX Corp. (SPW) for $1.4 billion cash. Another conglomerate, Tyco International Ltd. 
(TYC), already has the largest fire and security business. 
"There seems to be a growing competition amongst these firms to build up a very substantial capability in that 
area," said Paul Nisbet, analyst with JSA Research. 
Nisbet said the broader emphasis on homeland security in recent years is driving the deals. 
For United Technologies, the Kidde deal adds to a commercial security and fire-protection business that it has 
been building up for a couple of years, Chief Executive George David said on CNBC Thursday morning. 
Kidde's industrial fire protection and suppression products will expand United Tech's reach into building supplies, 
adding to the company's existing Otis and Carrier units, David said in a press release. 
Also, Kidde's aircraft fire-protection systems adds to United Tech's other aircraft businesses, including 
mechanical and electronic systems, Nisbet said. 
But the integration of Kidde isn't a slam-dunk. "We still are not certain that all building services can be wrapped 
under one go-to supplier as Chubb/Otis experience so far may suggest," Merrill Lynch analyst Byron Callan wrote 
in a research note, a reference to United's 2003 acquisition of Chubb PLC, an electronic security company. 
Callan said the acquisition has the potential to add about 25 cents a share to his estimate of United's 2006 
earnings, which is $6.75 a share. 
The deal is unlikely to add to United's 2005 earnings, Goldman Sachs analyst Glenn Engel wrote in a research 
note. 
Engel said "the Kidde purchase helps UTX build the base for a new platform of growth in building security."

Page 15 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Engel doesn't own United shares; Goldman has received investment-banking compensation from United in the 
last 12 months. 
Merrill or its affiliates own at least 1% of United shares. 
Nisbet doesn't own United shares and his firm has no investment-banking relationship with United. 
-By Peter Loftus, Dow Jones Newswires; 215-656-8289; peter.loftus@dowjones.com [ 12-16-04 1416ET ] 
Document DJ00000020041216e0cg000ge

Page 16 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Crunch time for Kidde over offer 
City: 
Crunch time for Kidde over offer 
By Alistair Osborne 
225 words 
15 December 2004 
The Daily Telegraph 
DT 
27 
English 
(c) 2004 Telegraph Group Limited, London 
KIDDE, the fire protection group, will today hold a board meeting to consider United Technology Corporation's 
pounds 1.39billion approach for the company. After three days' scrutiny of Kidde's books, the American industrial 
company is believed to have completed its due diligence and its indicative offer of 165p per share remains on the 
table. However, last night the market was signalling that such an offer would not be enough to secure a 
recommendation from the Kidde board. Kidde shares fell 8 to 1543/4p as 36.8m shares changed hands, about 
four times average volumes. Mike Blogg, an analyst at Arbuthnot Securities, said Kidde had "turned down 160p 
and said it `materially undervalued' the company. 
It's hard to see how 165p could be the correct valuation." Another analyst said: "There's been talk Kidde wants at 
least 170p." Under Takeover Panel rules, UTC has until tomorrow to make a formal offer to Kidde, though the 
deadline could be extended it the two sides were close to a recommended deal. UTC has repeatedly given the 
impression it is unwilling to budge on price. Last Friday, its chief executive George David said: "We won't 
overpay", adding that the company would be "real sticky with Kidde". Neither Kidde nor UTC would comment last 
night. 
Document DT00000020041215e0cf0000q

Page 17 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UTC dismayed by `leaky' bankers in takeover bid 
City: 
UTC dismayed by `leaky' bankers in takeover bid 
By Alistair Osborne, Associate City Editor 
366 words 
11 December 2004 
The Daily Telegraph 
DT 
30 
English 
(c) 2004 Telegraph Group Limited, London 
THE boss of United Technologies Corporation yesterday took a crack at British investment bankers as he insisted 
he would not overpay for Kidde, the fire protection group. George David, chief executive of the US industrial 
company, criticised UK bankers for not keeping quiet about a deal. On Wednesday, UTC raised its indicative bid 
for Kidde from 160p to 165p per share. "I have never seen a leakier process in my life," he told an investors' 
meeting in New York. "Don't bother to call me. I don't know anything that's not in the newspaper." UTC sources 
insisted Mr David was not criticising his own adviser UBS, but sources close to Kidde said: "He's put his own 
bankers in the frame as much as ours." Kidde is being advised by Citigroup, CSFB and Hoare Govett. Mr David 
also annoyed his target's advisers by comparing Kidde to Chubb, the other part of the former Williams 
conglomerate which UTC bought for pounds 1.1billion in June 2003. He said: "We won't overpay. 
You're going to hear us be real sticky with Kidde the way we were with Chubb." A source close to Kidde said: 
"Chubb and Kidde are light years apart. Chubb had had a profits warning whereas, since the demerger, Kidde 
has been the best performing engineering stock." Mr David's comments came as UTC began due diligence on 
Kidde, which its indicative offer values at pounds 1.39billion. Analysts said it was difficult to predict the outcome. 
Mike Blogg at Arbuthnot Securities said: "I don't think 165p will be enough to get a recommendation. It's too close 
to 160p and the board said that `materially undervalued' Kidde." Kidde shares closed up 1 at 1611/2p last night. 
Mr Blogg added other companies could yet enter the fray. Siemens, Tyco and Honeywell have been tipped as 
potential bidders. "Until UTC make a formal offer, there's no reason another bidder should show their hand," he 
said. Under Takeover Panel rules, UTC has until Thursday to make a formal bid, though the deadline may be 
extended. 
Document DT00000020041211e0cb0000c

Page 18 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
United Tech CEO says won't overpay for Kidde. 
United Tech CEO says won't overpay for Kidde. 
335 words 
9 December 2004 
19:59 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2004 Reuters Limited 
BOSTON, Dec 9 (Reuters) - U.S. diversified manufacturer United Technologies Corp. (UTX.N) said on Thursday 
it has offered a good price for Kidde Plc (KID.L) and will not overpay for the British fire-fighting equipment maker. 
Kidde said on Wednesday that United Technologies had come back with a higher cash offer of 165 pence a 
share after Kidde strongly rebuffed UTC's 160p unsolicited approach in October. 
The revised offer amounted to 1.39 billion pounds ($2.67 billion). A successful approach by UTC, based in 
Hartford, Connecticut, could reunite Kidde with Chubb, which the U.S. company bought for $1 billion in June 
2003. 
"We won't overpay. You're going to hear us be real sticky with Kidde the way we were real sticky with Chubb and 
I thought we had a good number on the table," said Chief Executive George David at an investors meeting in 
New York. 
The increased offer allowed United Technologies access to Kidde's books, so it can conduct due diligence on the 
company. Britain's Takeover Panel last month gave UTC until Dec. 16 to come up with a bid for Kidde or 
withdraw from the process. 
Getting Kidde together with Chubb could make the company the world's No. 2 fire protection firm, and Kidde's 
aerospace business could complement UTC's contracts on Boeing Co.'s (BA.N) new 7E7 jet. 
Chubb is the smallest and least profitable of United Tech's business divisions, with an operating profit margin of 5 
percent in the past quarter. United Tech's four other divisions posted double-digit profit margins. 
David, who is also chairman of United Technologies, criticized the inability of British investment bankers to keep 
quiet about the details of the Kidde deal. 
"I have never seen a leakier process in my life," David said. "Don't bother to call me. I don't know anything that's 
not in the newspaper." ($1=.521 Pound). 
Document LBA0000020041210e0ca000mb

Page 19 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Kidde will open books for higher UTC bid 
Business 
Kidde will open books for higher UTC bid 
Saeed Shah 
444 words 
23 October 2004 
The Independent 
IND 
57 
English 
(c) 2004 Independent Newspapers (UK) Limited . All rights reserved. This material may not be published, 
distributed or exploited in any way. 
KIDDE, THE fire protection group, said it was prepared to open its books to the predator United Technologies 
Corp - but only if the US group agreed not to go hostile in its attempt to buy the British company. 
UTC responded that this was an unacceptable condition and it would go directly to Kidde shareholders, to try to 
force the British company to share more information after it rebuffed UTC"s £1.3bn takeover approach. 
Kidde shares jumped 17 per cent to 170p, well above the 160p a share offer from UTC which emerged on 
Thursday night. 
Few analysts give UTC, which indicated that it was prepared to go hostile, much chance of success at its 160p 
offer price. Kidde"s closing share price showed the City believed UTC would have to go higher or another bidder 
might come in. 
UTC, an industrial group which makes everything from helicopters to lifts, said it was frustrated at not being given 
access to financial records at Kidde to conduct due diligence. UTC has been run for a decade by George David, 
62, who was recently described in a US magazine profile as a "philosopher king of manufacturing". 
The US company already canvassed opinion among a small number of Kidde shareholders before news of its 
approach leaked. UTC said it would now go to a much broader range of Kidde shareholders in an attempt to get 
investors to pressure the company into opening its books. 
A spokesperson for UTC said: "We are considering whether to proceed with an offer and intend to meet with 
shareholders in order to seek their support for satisfactory due diligence access." 
Kidde said it was prepared to share more information with the US group, "to enable UTC to increase its 
proposal", but only if it agreed to certain conditions, which UTC had refused. The US company was told it must 
sign a standstill agreement, which would stop it making a hostile bid, buying Kidde shares and going to Kidde 
shareholders. 
Norman Askew, the chairman of Kidde, said: "Kidde is a company that has delivered consistently since its listing 
in November 2000. The board is confident in its ability to continue to deliver attractive returns to shareholders. For 
any offer for Kidde to be recommended by the board, it would need to reflect Kidde"s current strengths and its 
prospects." 
Analysts agreed that the UTC approach, which was not a formal bid, was opportunistic, as Kidde"s markets are 
turning up. Michael Blogg, at Arbuthnot Securities, said a successful bidder may have to go as high as 200p a 
share or £1.7bn. 
Document IND0000020041022e0an0009t

Page 20 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Kidde Rebuffs United Technologies 
Companies 
Kidde Rebuffs United Technologies 
By J. Lynn Lunsford 
353 words 
22 October 2004 
The Wall Street Journal Europe 
WSJE 
A4 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2004, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
United Technologies Corp. said it was rebuffed by management in an attempt to acquire Kidde PLC, a British 
maker of fire and safety equipment, and is considering steps to attempt a takeover anyway. 
The Hartford, Connecticut, maker of elevators, jet engines, air conditioners and security equipment, said it has 
received clearance to acquire as much as 30% of Kidde's shares under Hart-Scott-Rodino rules in the U.S. 
It has also said it intends to meet with shareholders "in order to seek their support for "satisfactory due-diligence 
access." 
United Technologies last year acquired Britain's Chubb PLC and held it up as part of the company's growing 
portfolio of building-services products. United Technologies Chairman and Chief Executive George David has 
said repeatedly in recent months that he planned to expand the Chubb unit through acquisitions. 
Kidde makes equipment used across a wide range of areas from residential to aerospace and defense. 
United Technologies said Thursday it hadn't decided whether to proceed with further acquisitions of Kidde's 
common shares. It already holds 21.875 million shares, or 2.6% of Kidde's stock outstanding. 
United Technologies said that it had offered to pay as much as 160 pence (2.31 euros) a share, subject to being 
allowed to inspect Kidde's books. "This approach has been rebuffed and UTC's request for satisfactory due 
diligence denied," United Technologies said. 
Efforts to reach Kidde officials were unsuccessful. 
Earlier, the company posted a statement on its Web site acknowledging that it had recently received "a 
preliminary approach from a third party in relation to a potential offer for the entire issued share capital of Kidde." 
The statement said that the "board of Kidde has rejected the proposal made and no further proposal has been 
received." 
The statement was issued after Kidde shares rose 13% to 139.25 pence in heavy trading on speculation that 
Kidde might be in talks with another company. 
Kidde's shares ended at 145 pence, up 21.50 pence, or 17%, on the London Stock Exchange. 
Document WSJE000020041022e0am0002a

Page 21 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
United Technologies' Offer For U.K.'s Kidde Is Rebuffed 
United Technologies' Offer For U.K.'s Kidde Is Rebuffed 
By J. Lynn Lunsford 
489 words 
22 October 2004 
The Wall Street Journal 
J
A8 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2004, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
United Technologies Corp. said it was rebuffed by management in an attempt to acquire Kidde PLC, a British fire 
and safety equipment company, and is now considering steps to attempt to take over the company anyway. 
The Hartford, Conn., maker of elevators, jet engines, air-conditioners and security equipment, says it received 
clearance yesterday to acquire up to 30% of the company's shares under the U.S.'s Hart-Scott-Rodino rules. It 
also says it intends to meet with shareholders "in order to seek their support for "satisfactory due diligence 
access." 
In a statement, United Technologies said it hasn't yet decided whether to proceed with further acquisitions of 
Kidde's common shares, although it already holds 21.875 million shares, or 2.6% of Kidde's stock outstanding. 
According to people familiar with the situation, United Technologies offered in September to pay up to 160 pence 
($2.91) per share for Kidde's stock outstanding, or about $2.3 billion, subject to being allowed to inspect the 
company's books. "This approach has been rebuffed," United Technologies said. 
Last year, United Technologies acquired Great Britain's Chubb PLC and stood it up as part of the company's 
growing portfolio of building-services products. Chairman and Chief Executive George David has since said 
repeatedly that he planned to double the Chubb unit's size through acquisitions. In addition to traditional fire and 
safety equipment, Kidde makes components used widely in aerospace and defense. The company earlier this 
year won a contract to provide the fire-protection system for Boeing Co.'s new 7E7 Dreamliner aircraft. Combined, 
Kidde and Chubb would have about 10% of the global market for commercial fire protection. 
Efforts to reach Kidde officials were unsuccessful. Before United Technologies made its intentions public, Kidde 
posted a statement on its Web site acknowledging that it had recently received "a preliminary approach from a 
third party in relation to a potential offer for the entire issued share capital of Kidde." The statement said that the 
"board of Kidde has rejected the proposal made and no further proposal has been received." 
A person familiar with the United Technologies offer said the company's offer of 160 pence was a 35% premium 
over the level at which Kidde's shares were trading before the offer was made. The person said that United 
Technologies officials believe they have offered "a full price for a good asset." 
Rumblings about the offer prompted Kidde's shares to trade up 13% early in the day on the London Stock 
Exchange. By the end of the day, shares traded up 17% at 145 pence, up 21.50 pence. In 4 p.m. composite 
trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange, United Technologies shares were at $91.04, up $1.14. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document J000000020041022e0am0002u

Page 22 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
WSJ(10/22) United Technologies' Offer For Kidde Rebuffed 
WSJ(10/22) United Technologies' Offer For Kidde Rebuffed 
496 words 
22 October 2004 
04:42 
Dow Jones Chinese Financial Wire 
DJCFWE 
English 
Copyright (c) 2004, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
WSJ(10/22) United Technologies' Offer For Kidde Rebuffed 
(From THE WALL STREET JOURNAL) 
By J. Lynn Lunsford 
United Technologies Corp. said it was rebuffed by management in an attempt to acquire Kidde PLC, a British fire 
and safety equipment company, and is now considering steps to attempt to take over the company anyway. 
The Hartford, Conn., maker of elevators, jet engines, air-conditioners and security equipment, says it received 
clearance yesterday to acquire up to 30% of the company's shares under the U.S.'s Hart-Scott-Rodino rules. It 
has also says it intends to meet with shareholders 'in order to seek their support for 'satisfactory due diligence 
access.' 
In a statement, United Technologies said it hasn't yet decided whether to proceed with further acquisitions of 
Kidde's common shares, although it already holds 21.875 million shares, or 2.6% of Kidde's stock outstanding. 
According to people familiar with the situation, United Technologies offered in September to pay up to 160 pence 
($2.91) per share for Kidde's stock outstanding, or about $2.3 billion, subject to being allowed to inspect the 
company's books. 'This approach has been rebuffed,' United Technologies said. 
Last year, United Technologies acquired Great Britain's Chubb PLC and stood it up as part of the company's 
growing portfolio of building-services products. Chairman and Chief Executive George David has since said 
repeatedly that he planned to double the Chubb unit's size through acquisitions. In addition to traditional fire and 
safety equipment, Kidde makes components used widely in aerospace and defense. The company earlier this 
year won a contract to provide the fire-protection system for Boeing Co.'s new 7E7 Dreamliner aircraft. Combined, 
Kidde and Chubb would have about 10% of the global market for commercial fire protection. 
Efforts to reach Kidde officials were unsuccessful. Before United Technologies made its intentions public, Kidde 
posted a statement on its Web site acknowledging that it had recently received 'a preliminary approach from a 
third party in relation to a potential offer for the entire issued share capital of Kidde.' The statement said that the 
'board of Kidde has rejected the proposal made and no further proposal has been received.' 
A person familiar with the United Technologies offer said the company's offer of 160 pence was a 35% premium 
over the level at which Kidde's shares were trading before the offer was made. The person said that United 
Technologies officials believe they have offered 'a full price for a good asset.' 
Rumblings about the offer prompted Kidde's shares to trade up 13% early in the day on the London Stock 
Exchange. By the end of the day, shares traded up 17% at 145 pence, up 21.50 pence. In 4 p.m. composite 
trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange, United Technologies shares were at $91.04, up $1.14. 
-0- 
Document DJCFWE0020041022e0am00691

Page 23 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
British fire safety firm rebuffs United Technologies purchase plan 
British fire safety firm rebuffs United Technologies purchase plan 
302 words 
21 October 2004 
18:32 
Associated Press Newswires 
APRS 
English 
(c) 2004. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. 
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) - United Technologies Corp. has received federal approval to acquire up to 30 percent 
of a London-based company in a bid to be the world's second largest commercial fire safety firm. 
But Kidde PLC has rebuffed United Technologies' offer to pay $2.3 billion for outstanding shares, UTC said 
Thursday. The offer was subject to a demand to review Kidde's financial records, known as due diligence. 
"We'd like to add that to UTC's portfolio of businesses, but before we make that decision we need to do due 
diligence," Pete Murphy, a spokesman for United Technologies, said Thursday. 
A spokesman for Kidde was not available to respond to a call late Thursday. 
The acquisition would be the second for United Technologies since it acquired Chubb, a London-based electronic 
security firm, last year. Chief executive George David said at the time that United Technologies intended to boost 
growth at Chubb with acquisitions. 
The Chubb-Kidde combination would make United Technologies the world's second largest commercial fire 
protection provider, surpassed only by Tyco International Ltd., Murphy said. 
United Technologies said it is considering whether to proceed with an offer and intends to seek support from 
Kidde shareholders to view the company's financial data. 
United Technologies owns about 22 million shares of Kidde, or 2.6 percent of the company's stock. 
Kidde provides fire and safety products, systems and services for industries that overlap with United 
Technologies' aerospace, defense, industrial, commercial and consumer markets. The products include detection, 
protection, prevention and fire fighting. 
Shares of United Technologies closed Thursday at $91.04, up $1.14, or 1 percent, on the New York Stock 
Exchange. 
------ 
On the Net: http://www.utc.com 
http://www.kidde.com 
7
Document APRS000020041021e0al00bkx 
Search Summary 
Text George David AND Kidde 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2005 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company United Technologies Corp.

Page 24 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

