Page 1 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
DealWatch.......................................................................................................................................................................2 
Honeywell Novar bid tops Melrose..................................................................................................................................4 
Honeywell favourite to win Novar: Melrose will probably scrap offer: * US group would sell target's assets to fund 
Pounds 815m move: * New.............................................................................................................................................5 
Honeywell secures lead in European market with (ps)1.2B deal to buy Novar...............................................................7 
Honeywell International Inc Novar PLC Melrose PLC - RECOMMENDED OFFERS FOR NOVAR...............................8 
PLATTS - Indalex parent Novar agrees to US manufacturer Honeywell takeover........................................................26

Page 2 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
DealWatch
DealWatch 
Craig Schneider 
915 words 
15 December 2004 
CFO.com 
CFOCOM 
English 
Copyright 2004. CFO Publishing Corporation. All rights reserved. Whilst every effort has been taken to verify the 
accuracy of this information, The Economist Newspaper Limited cannot accept any responsibility or liability for 
reliance by any person on this information. 
Sprint and Nextel; Symantec and Veritas; Oracle and PeopleSoft; Mylan Laboratories and King Pharmaceuticals; 
Permira, Apollo, and Toys R Us; Honeywell International and Novar; Humana and CarePlus Health Plans of 
Florida. 
• Sprint Corp. is reportedly near a deal to acquire Nextel Communications, known for its walkie-talkie service, for 
more than $34 billion. The companies plan to announce the merger on Wednesday, according to The New York 
Times. The newspaper also cited unnamed executive sources who cautioned that the deal could fall apart if a 
planned spin-off of Sprint's fixed-line business is not deemed tax-free for shareholders by the Internal Revenue 
Service. 
If the deal goes through, 74 percent of the mobile-telephony market would be controlled by three carriers, 
according to the Times. By subscribers, a Sprint-Nextel merger would be third-largest after Cingular, which 
recently acquired AT&T Wireless, and Verizon Wireless. Speculation that Verizon Wireless and Vodafone might 
attempt to acquire Sprint itself have been repeatedly rejected by both companies. 
• Symantec Corp. is reportedly close to a deal to buy Veritas Software Corp. for more than $13 billion. The 
acquisition could come as early as this week, according to The New York Times, but citing unnamed executives, 
the paper also warned that talks could collapse. Symantec makes the Norton line of computer security and 
maintenance software; Veritas makes data backup and storage programs. The exact terms of the deal could not 
be determined, reported the Times, and neither company returned phone calls seeking comment. 
• PeopleSoft Inc. has agreed to be acquired by Oracle Corp. for $26.50 a share in cash, or around $10.3 billion, 
after rebuffing several offers and being taken to court for instituting a controversial takeover defense. The price 
tag is nearly 66 percent higher than Oracle's initial $16 per share bid in June 2003 and 75 percent higher than 
PeopleSoft's market value before Oracle formally launched its takeover battle, according to reports. The deal is 
expected to close by early January. The companies also agreed to end all pending litigation brought by Oracle 
over PeopleSoft's poison pill. 
Oracle chief executive Larry Ellison added in a statement that Oracle intends to "immediately extend and improve 
support for existing JD Edwards and PeopleSoft customers worldwide," addressing long-held fears that those 
products would not be supported by Oracle after a takeover. 
• The $4 billion bid of Mylan Laboratories Inc. for King Pharmaceuticals Inc. was thrown into question when the 
target announced that it will restate earnings for 2002, 2003, and the first six months of 2004 to recognize 
expenses related to product returns. The merger agreement reportedly stipulates that Mylan can back out of the 
deal if King restates its earnings. 
Billionaire investor Carl Icahn, who offered to buy Mylan for $5.4 million last month to stop the deal, has filed a 
federal lawsuit against the company and asset manager Richard C. Perry, accusing Perry of a vote-buying 
scheme intended to help Mylan acquire the company over Icahn's opposition, reported the Associated Press. 
According to a November filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, cited by the wire service, Perry 
Corp. owns 26.6 million shares of Mylan — about 335,000 more than Icahn — as well as 7 million shares of King. 
In a statement, Milan Puskar, chairman and founder of Mylan, called the lawsuit "another feeble attempt by Icahn 
to intimidate Mylan and its shareholders." 
• European buyout firm Permira has joined forces with U.S. rival Apollo to bid for the global operations of Toys R 
Us for an estimated $3.5 billion, according to The Financial Times. The team faces competition from Kohlberg 
Kravis Roberts, Cerberus, and Bain Capital, as well as U.S. property groups looking to engineer a "Kmart-style

Page 3 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
restructuring" by breaking up the toymaker's extensive property portfolio, according to the report. New bids are 
due after the crucial Christmas trading period. 
One person close to the situation told the FT that "the U.S. side is a bit of a basket case. We were interested in 
the European operations but they were not willing to sell that bit off by itself." Earlier this year, Permira teamed up 
with Apollo and two other buyout groups to buy Bermuda-based satellite operator Intelsat for $5 billion, the paper 
noted. 
• Honeywell International Inc. agreed to acquire Novar Plc. for $2.4 billion, including $580 million in Novar debt, 
in a deal that will add product offerings to its security, fire, and building-controls products business. Honeywell 
expects to fund the acquisition with existing cash resources and credit facilities. 
Novar's core divisions include Indalex Aluminum Solutions and Security Printing Services, but Honeywell has 
stated that it intends to hold only Novar's Intelligent Building Systems unit. Chief executive officer David Cote 
acknowledged in a Financial Times article that it might have been "cleaner" for Honeywell to buy the one unit 
alone but added that the company hopes to raise $1 billion to $1.5 billion by selling the two other divisions. 
• Humana Inc. announced that it would acquire CarePlus Health Plans of Florida, as well as the company's ten 
CAC-Florida Medical Centers and a pharmacy management company, for about $408 million. The purchase is 
expected to close within 90 days, according to a Humana statement. Approximately 75 percent of the transaction 
will be financed by line-of-credit borrowings; the balance will be funded with cash on hand. 
Document CFOCOM0020041215e0cf00001

Page 4 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Honeywell Novar bid tops Melrose 
Honeywell Novar bid tops Melrose 
Nick Bevens 
365 words 
14 December 2004 
The Scotsman 
SC 
47 
English 
(c) 2004 
HONEYWELL International, the United States industrial conglomerate, has agreed a US dollars 1.5 billion (GBP 
780 million) trump bid for Novar, to beef up its security business and lift 2005 earnings from the low end of 
forecasts. 
The British mini-conglomerate is likely to see the Honeywell bid as a way of killing off a rival hostile takeover bid 
from Melrose, the AIM-listed investment vehicle. 
Honeywell said its 185p-a-share cash bid was aimed at capturing Novar's Intelligent Business Systems division, 
which makes security, fire protection and building controls equipment and contributed just under a third of Novar's 
sales in 2003. Honeywell's bid added a 28 per cent premium to last month's hostile bid from Melrose, which 
declined to say whether it would raise its bid. 
But analysts thought it unlikely as Active Value, a 17-per cent shareholder in Novar, had agreed to back 
Honeywell's bid and would only drop its support if offered 10 per cent more. Novar rejected Melrose's GBP 625m 
bid last month, saying it undervalued the group. 
Honeywell chairman and chief executive David Cote said the US firm did not intend to hold on to Novar's 
aluminium or security printing services divisions. A source close to the transaction said a sale of the non-building 
systems arm was now likely within 18 months. 
The knock-out blow will be viewed as a serious setback for Melrose, which is backed by some of the City's best 
known institutions and had made the pursuit of Novar its first serious attempt at a conquest. 
At 190p, the Honeywell bid would represent a premium of almost 50 per cent to Novar's share price before 
speculation about Melrose's approach mounted in early November. Then it traded below 130p. 
* Pharmaceutical giant Johnson & Johnson is in advanced talks for the acquisition of medical technology firm 
Guidant, according to reports in the US last night. According to agencies, the deal - worth about GBP 12.5bn - is 
close to being sealed. Guidant is a key player in equipment for dealing with heart problems such as defibrillators 
and pacemakers. 
Document SC00000020041214e0ce0000i

Page 5 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Honeywell favourite to win Novar: Melrose will probably scrap offer: * US group would sell target's assets to fund Pounds 815m move: * New... 
FRONT PAGE - COMPANIES &MARKETS 
Honeywell favourite to win Novar: Melrose will probably scrap offer: * US group would sell target's assets 
to fund Pounds 815m move: * New bidder unlikely to emerge. 
By HENRY TRICKS 
527 words 
14 December 2004 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
London Ed3 
Page 21 
English 
(c) 2004 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
Melrose, the Aim-listed investment vehicle, was looking increasingly likely to abandon its hostile bid for Novar 
after Honeywell International trumped it yesterday with a Pounds 815m cash bid. 
And bankers played down the possibility of a rival emerging to fight for Novar, as Honeywell revealed plans to 
break up the company and raise up to Dollars 1.5bn by selling unwanted assets. 
Novar's shares surged 23 1/2p to close at 189p last night, just short of Honeywell's 191.6p cash offer, including a 
second interim dividend worth 6.6p. Investors said the closing price indicated either that the market was holding 
out hope of a counterbid, or thought it was a done deal. 
A banker acting for Novar said an exhaustive search had been done before Honeywell's bid, as rivals such as 
General Electric and Schneider had been interested in its Intelligent Building Systems fire and safety business. 
He did not expect another bid, especially as Honeywell's offer was recommended by the board and supported by 
shareholders owning 16.74 per cent of Novar's shares. 
"All the big guns have been given their chances. We've shaken the tree pretty hard," a banker said. 
Honeywell's bid, including debt and preference shares, amounted to Pounds 1.2bn, which substantially exceeded 
Melrose's hostile offer in cash and shares. 
Melrose said talks were continuing yesterday with its shareholders - mostly top City institutions - to see if there 
was any appetite for a revised offer. But Melrose did not hold out much hope, because of the problems of 
matching Honeywell's cash. 
Its share price, which had risen in support of the deal, fell yesterday, from 129 1/2p to 111 1/2p, weakening the 
value of the paper it had hoped to put behind the deal. 
"We're unlikely to come back on our own," Melrose said. 
David Cote, chief executive of Honeywell, said the New Jersey-based industrials group had been attracted to 
Novar by IBS, which would expand its existing automation and control solutions business, especially in the UK 
and Germany. IBS has a contract for the Terminal 5 fire-safety system at Heathrow airport. 
He acknowledged it might have been "cleaner" for Honeywell to buy IBS alone, but said it hoped to raise Dollars 
1bn-Dollars 1.5bn by selling its two other divisions - the US-based cheque-printing business, Security Printing 
Services, and its aluminium extrusions unit, Indalex Aluminum Solutions. 
Stephen Howard, Novar's chief executive, convinced Honey-well to take the business as a whole to ensure it did 
not lose IBS to a rival in an auction. After less than six weeks in his job, he said he stood to make Pounds 1.75m 
in salary, bonus and pension benefits if the deal went through. 
Novar was advised by Cazenove, Credit Suisse First Boston and Goldman Sachs. Honeywell was advised by JP 
Morgan. Lombard, Page 22 Mudlark, Page 24

Page 6 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
20041214L321.030 
Document FTFT000020041214e0ce0005p

Page 7 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Honeywell secures lead in European market with (ps)1.2B deal to buy Novar 
Financial Post 
Honeywell secures lead in European market with (ps)1.2B deal to buy Novar 
Bloomberg News 
193 words 
14 December 2004 
National Post 
FINP 
National 
FP12 
English 
(c) 2004 National Post . All Rights Reserved. 
NEW YORK - Honeywell International Inc., the world's largest supplier of climate controls for buildings, agreed to 
buy Novar PLC of the U.K. for (ps)798-million (US$1.53-billion) to expand in security, fire and ventilation systems. 
Honeywell will pay 185 pence a share, chief executive David Cote said. Novar investors will also get a dividend 
of 6.6p and holders of preference shares will receive (ps)131-million. Honeywell will assume (ps)300-million in 
debt, taking the total cost to (ps)1.2-billion. Honeywell wants Novar for its Intelligent Building Systems business, a 
maker of smoke detectors, intruder alarms and heating controls that accounts for about 40% of sales. The 
Morristown, N.J.-based company plans to get rid of Novar's cheque-printing and aluminum units. Buying Novar, 
which had revenue of (ps)1.43-billion last year, will expand the U.S. company's automation and controls unit, 
bolstering its No. 1 position in the U.K. 
and securing market leadership in France and Germany, it said. 
Document FINP000020041214e0ce00057

Page 8 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Honeywell International Inc Novar PLC Melrose PLC - RECOMMENDED OFFERS FOR NOVAR 
Honeywell International Inc Novar PLC Melrose PLC - RECOMMENDED OFFERS FOR NOVAR 
12,369 words 
13 December 2004 
02:00 
Regulatory News Service 
RNS 
English 
(c) 2004 
RNS Number:3096G Honeywell International Inc 13 December 2004 
Not for release, publication or distribution in or into Australia, Canada, Japan or the United States 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
December 13, 2004 
RECOMMENDED CASH OFFERS 
BY J.P. MORGAN PLC 
ON BEHALF OF 
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. 
FOR 
NOVAR PLC 
Summary 
• The boards of Honeywell and Novar announce that they have agreed the terms of recommended all-cash offers 
to be made by JPMorgan on behalf of Honeywell for the entire issued ordinary and preference share capital of 
Novar. 
• The Ordinary Offer values each Novar Ordinary Share at 185 pence and the entire issued ordinary share capital 
of Novar at £798 million. In addition, holders of Novar Ordinary Shares will be entitled to retain a proposed 
second interim dividend of 6.60 pence per Novar Ordinary Share, to be paid in lieu of a final dividend for the year 
ending December 31, 2004, if the Offers become or are declared unconditional in all respects. 
• The price to be paid in the Ordinary Offer represents a premium of approximately 49 per cent. to the closing 
middle market price of Novar Ordinary Shares of 123.75 pence on November 3, 2004, the date immediately prior 
to the announcement by Melrose of its possible cash and share bid, which represents a significant improvement 
when compared with the unsolicited and hostile offer of 1 Melrose ordinary share and 45 pence in cash made by 
Melrose on November 29, 2004. 
• The Preference Offer values each Novar Preference Share at 103.625 pence and the entire issued preference 
share capital of Novar at £131 million. The value of the Preference Offer comprises the redemption value of a 
Novar Preference Share plus the final dividend that would otherwise be payable on June 1, 2005. 
• The directors of Novar, who have been so advised by Cazenove, CSFB and Goldman Sachs, consider the 
terms of the Offers to be fair and reasonable and intend unanimously to recommend that Novar Shareholders 
accept the Offers, when made. Cazenove is deemed to be a connected party to JPMorgan, Honeywell's financial 
adviser, and Goldman Sachs is deemed to be a connected party to Honeywell. CSFB is therefore acting as the 
independent financial adviser to Novar for the purposes of providing independent advice to the board of Novar on 
the Offers under Rule 3 of the Code. In providing advice to the directors of Novar, Cazenove, CSFB and 
Goldman Sachs have taken into account the commercial assessments of the directors of Novar. 
• The directors of Novar have provided irrevocable undertakings to Honeywell to accept the Offers in respect of 
their entire holdings of 208,132 Novar Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 0.05 per cent. of the issued 
ordinary share capital of Novar.

Page 9 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
• Honeywell has received an irrevocable undertaking to accept the Ordinary Offer from Active Value in respect of 
72,028,859 Novar Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 16.70 per cent. of the issued ordinary share 
capital of Novar. 
• Honeywell believes that its Offers are compelling for Novar Shareholders 
- The Offers provide Novar Shareholders with the opportunity of a full cash exit from their shareholdings at a 
significant premium to Novar's pre-bid speculation share price. 
- The Ordinary Offer represents a multiple of 16.5 times Novar's adjusted basic earnings per share, excluding 
goodwill amortisation and exceptional items, of 11.2 pence for the year ended December 31, 2003. 
• Honeywell believes Novar's Intelligent Building Systems (IBS) unit will enhance its offering of security, fire and 
building controls products and services, particularly in the UK and Germany, and expects Novar's IBS assets, 
technology, business presence, customers and employees to contribute to the growth of Honeywell's Automation 
and Control Solutions division going forward. 
• Commenting on the Offers, David Cote, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Honeywell, said: 
"We are delighted to reach agreement with the board of Novar to acquire what we believe is an important asset 
for us in our further expansion into the European market. The Novar acquisition demonstrates our commitment to 
expanding our offerings. Novar's IBS division fits perfectly into our growth strategy and allows us to offer a more 
complete line of products across a broader geography." 
• Stephen Howard, Chief Executive of Novar, said: 
"The all cash offer from Honeywell represents a significantly more attractive proposition to shareholders than 
Melrose's unsolicited and hostile cash and share offer. It is a tribute to the management and employees of Novar 
that this business has developed to the point that a company of Honeywell's stature is now set to acquire the 
Novar Group." 
This summary should be read in conjunction with the full text of this announcement. 
The Offers will be subject to the applicable requirements of the Code. The Offer Document and Form of 
Acceptance will contain the full terms and conditions of the Offers and will be despatched to Novar Shareholders 
as soon as practicable. 
The conditions to and certain further terms of the Offers are set out in Appendix I to the following announcement. 
Appendix II contains information on sources and bases used in this summary and the following announcement. 
Defined terms in this summary have the respective meanings given to them in Appendix III to this announcement. 
Enquiries 
JPMorgan Tel: +44 (0) 20 7742 4000 
Larry Slaughter Eamon Brabazon 
Citigate Dewe Robertson Tel: +44 (0) 20 7638 9571 
Anthony Carlisle Sarah Gestetner 
Novar plc Tel: +44 (0) 1932 850 850 
Sir Graham Hearne Stephen Howard 
Cazenove & Co. Ltd Tel: +44 (0) 20 7588 2828 
Nick Wiles Piers Coombs 
Credit Suisse First Boston (Europe) Limited Tel: +44 (0) 20 7888 8888 
Andrew Christie Stuart Upcraft 
Goldman Sachs International Tel: +44 (0) 20 7774 1000

Page 10 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Simon Dingemans Basil Geoghegan 
Finsbury Group Tel: +44 (0) 20 7251 3801 
Roland Rudd Edward Orlebar 
JPMorgan, which is regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Services Authority, is acting for Honeywell 
in connection with the Offers and no one else and will not be responsible to anyone other than Honeywell for 
providing the protections afforded to customers of JPMorgan or for providing advice in relation to the Offers. 
Cazenove, which is regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Services Authority, is acting for Novar as 
financial adviser and broker in connection with the Offers and no one else and will not be responsible to anyone 
other than Novar for providing the protections afforded to customers of Cazenove or for providing advice in 
relation to the Offers. 
CSFB, which is regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Services Authority, is acting for Novar as 
financial adviser and broker in connection with the Offers and no one else and will not be responsible to anyone 
other than Novar for providing the protections afforded to customers of CSFB or for providing advice in relation to 
the Offers. 
Goldman Sachs, which is regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Services Authority, is acting for Novar 
in connection with the Offers and no one else and will not be responsible to anyone other than Novar for 
providing the protections afforded to customers of Goldman Sachs or for providing advice in relation to the Offers. 
This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities 
or the solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for any securities pursuant to the Offers or otherwise. The Offers 
will be made solely by the Offer Document and the Form of Acceptance accompanying the Offer Document, 
which will contain the full terms and conditions of the Offers, including details of how the Offers may be accepted. 
The laws of the relevant jurisdictions may affect the availability of the Offers to persons who are not resident in 
the United Kingdom. Persons who are not resident in the United Kingdom or who are subject to laws of any 
jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom, should inform themselves about, and observe, any applicable 
requirements. Any person (including nominees, trustees and custodians) who would, or otherwise intends to, 
forward this announcement, the Offer Document and the Form of Acceptance or any accompanying document to 
any jurisdiction outside the United Kingdom should refrain from doing so and seek appropriate professional 
advice before taking any action. 
The Offers will not be made, directly or indirectly, to, or for the account or benefit of, US Persons or in or into, or 
by use of the mails or any other means or instrumentality (including, without limitation, telephonic or electronic) of 
interstate or foreign commerce of, or any facility of a national, state or other securities exchange of, Australia, 
Canada, Japan or the United States, and the Offers will not be capable of acceptance by or for the account or 
benefit of US Persons or by any such use, means, instrumentality or facility or from within Australia, Canada, 
Japan or the United States. Accordingly, copies of this announcement and formal documentation relating to the 
Offers are not being, and must not be, directly or indirectly, mailed or otherwise forwarded, distributed to, or sent 
to, or for the account or benefit of, US Persons or in or into or from Australia, Canada, Japan or the United States 
and persons receiving this announcement (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not distribute or 
send it into or from Australia, Canada, Japan or the United States. Doing so may render invalid any related 
purported acceptance of the Offers. These press-related materials are not an extension of the Offers in the US or 
to or for the account or benefit of US Persons. In the event that Honeywell extends the Offers in the US or to or 
for the account or benefit of US Persons at some future time, it will do so in satisfaction of the procedural and 
filing requirements of the US securities laws at that time, to the extent applicable thereto. 
The Loan Notes to be issued pursuant to the Offers, if any, have not been, and will not be, listed on any stock 
exchange. The Loan Notes will not be registered under the US Securities Act, or under any relevant securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States or the relevant securities laws of Japan, nor have 
clearances been, nor will they be, obtained from the securities commission or similar authority of any province or 
territory of Canada, nor has a prospectus in relation to the Loan Notes been, nor will one be, lodged with or 
registered by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission nor have any steps been taken, nor will any 
steps be taken, to enable the Loan Notes to be offered in compliance with applicable securities laws of Japan. 
Accordingly, unless an exemption under such act or securities laws is available, Loan Notes may not be offered, 
sold, re-sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, to, or to or for the benefit of, US Persons, or in or into, or by use of 
the mails of, or by any means or instrumentality (including, without limitation, telephonically or electronically) of 
interstate or foreign commerce of, or any facilities of a national, state or other securities exchange of, Australia,

Page 11 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Canada, Japan or the United States, or any other jurisdiction in which an offer of Loan Notes would constitute (or 
result in the Offers constituting) a violation of relevant laws or require registration thereof, or to or for the account 
or benefit of, any resident or person subject to the jurisdiction of Australia, Canada, Japan or the United States. 
Any person who, alone or acting together with any other person(s) pursuant to an agreement or understanding 
(whether formal or informal) to acquire or control "relevant securities" (within the definition set out in the Code) of 
Novar, owns or controls, or becomes the owner or controller of, directly or indirectly, one per cent or more of any 
class of relevant securities of Novar is generally required under the provisions of Rule 8 of the Code to notify a 
Regulatory Information Service by not later than 12.00 noon on the business day following the date of the 
transaction of every dealing in such relevant securities during the period to the date on which the Ordinary Offer 
becomes or is declared unconditional as to acceptances or lapses or is withdrawn. A copy of such notification on 
the appropriate form should also be faxed to the Panel by that time on +44 (0) 20 7236 7013. Dealings by Novar, 
Honeywell or their respective "associates" (within the definition set out in the Code) in any class of relevant 
securities of Novar or referable thereto until the end of such period must also be so disclosed. Notification to the 
Panel should be made by fax on +44 (0) 20 7256 9386. In the event of any doubt as to the application of these 
requirements, the Panel should be consulted on +44 (0) 20 7638 0129. 
Not for release, publication or distribution in or into Australia, Canada, Japan or the United States 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
December 13, 2004 
RECOMMENDED CASH OFFERS 
BY J.P. MORGAN PLC 
ON BEHALF OF 
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. 
FOR 
NOVAR PLC 
1. Introduction 
The boards of Honeywell and Novar announce that they have agreed the terms of recommended all-cash offers 
to be made by JPMorgan on behalf of Honeywell for the entire issued and to be issued ordinary and preference 
share capital of Novar. 
The directors of Novar, who have been so advised by Cazenove, CSFB and Goldman Sachs, consider the terms 
of the Offers to be fair and reasonable and intend unanimously to recommend that Novar Shareholders accept 
the Offers, when made, as they have irrevocably committed to do in respect of their entire holdings of 208,132 
Novar Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 0.05 per cent. of Novar's issued ordinary share capital. 
Cazenove is deemed to be a connected party to JPMorgan, Honeywell's financial adviser, and Goldman Sachs is 
deemed to be a connected party to Honeywell. CSFB is therefore acting as the independent financial adviser to 
Novar for the purposes of providing independent advice to the board of Novar on the Offers under Rule 3 of the 
Code. In providing advice to the directors of Novar, Cazenove, CSFB and Goldman Sachs have taken into 
account the commercial assessments of the directors of Novar. 
Honeywell has also received an irrevocable undertaking to accept the Ordinary Offer from Active Value in respect 
of 72,028,859 Novar Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 16.70 per cent. of Novar's issued ordinary 
share capital. 
2. The Offers 
The Ordinary Offer and the Preference Offer, each of which will be on the respective terms and subject to the 
respective conditions set out below and in Appendix I, and to be set out in the Offer Document and the Form of 
Acceptance, will be made on the following basis: 
The Ordinary Offer 
for each Novar Ordinary Share 185 pence in cash

Page 12 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
The Ordinary Offer values each Novar Ordinary Share at 185 pence and the entire issued ordinary share capital 
of Novar at £798 million. In addition, holders of Novar Ordinary Shares will be entitled to retain a proposed 
second interim dividend of 6.60 pence per Novar Ordinary Share, to be paid in lieu of a final dividend for the year 
ending December 31, 2004, if the Offers become or are declared unconditional in all respects. 
The Ordinary Offer represents a multiple of 16.5 times Novar's adjusted basic earnings per share, excluding 
goodwill amortisation and exceptional items, of 11.2 pence for the year ended December 31, 2003, the last year 
for which audited financial information on Novar is available. 
The price to be paid in the Ordinary Offer represents a premium of approximately 49 per cent. to the closing 
middle market price of Novar Ordinary Shares of 123.75 pence on November 3, 2004, the date immediately prior 
to the announcement by Melrose of its possible cash and share bid, which represents a significant improvement 
when compared with the unsolicited and hostile offer of 1 Melrose ordinary share and 45 pence in cash made by 
Melrose on November 29, 2004. 
The Preference Offer 
for each Novar Preference Share 103.625 pence in cash 
The Preference Offer values each Novar Preference Share at 103.625 pence and the entire issued preference 
share capital of Novar at £131 million. The value of the Preference Offer comprises the redemption value of a 
Novar Preference Share plus the final dividend that would otherwise be payable on June 1, 2005. 
The Preference Offer will be conditional only upon the Ordinary Offer becoming or being declared unconditional in 
all respects. 
3. Loan Note Alternative 
As an alternative to some or all of the cash consideration which would otherwise be receivable by them under the 
Offers, Novar Shareholders (other than certain overseas shareholders) who validly accept the Offers will be 
entitled to elect to receive Loan Notes. The Loan Notes will be issued by the Offeror and guaranteed by 
Honeywell. 
The Loan Note Alternative will be made available on the following basis: 
for every £1 of cash consideration under the Offers £1 nominal value of Loan 
Notes 
JPMorgan has advised that, in its opinion, based on market conditions on December 10, 2004, being the last 
practicable date prior to this announcement, if the Loan Notes had then been in issue, the value of the Loan 
Notes would have been not less than 99.25 pence per £1 nominal value. 
No Loan Notes will be issued unless, by the time the Offers become or are declared unconditional in all respects, 
elections have been received for at least £10 million nominal value of Loan Notes. If insufficient elections are 
received, Novar Shareholders who validly accept the Offers and who validly elect for the Loan Note Alternative 
will instead receive cash in accordance with the terms of the Offers. Subject to this, the Loan Note Alternative will 
remain open for so long as the Offers remain open for acceptance. The Loan Notes will not be listed on any stock 
exchange. 
The Loan Notes will bear interest (from the first date of issue of the first Loan Note) at a rate of LIBOR minus 0.5 
per cent., payable in arrears on June 30 and December 31 in each year, the first interest payment being made on 
June 30, 2005. 
A holder of Loan Notes will be entitled to require the Offeror to redeem the whole or part of his holding of Loan 
Notes at par together with accrued and unpaid interest (subject to any requirement to deduct tax therefrom) up to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption on any interest payment date falling on or after December 31, 2005 by 
giving not less than 30 days' notice. The Offeror will be entitled to redeem all the outstanding Loan Notes at par 
together with accrued and unpaid interest (subject to any requirement to deduct tax therefrom) up to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption on 30 days' notice if the aggregate nominal amount of the Loan Notes 
outstanding at any time is £2.5 million or less. Such redemption may not occur prior to June 30, 2006. Any Loan 
Notes not previously redeemed or purchased or cancelled will be redeemed in full at par on December 31, 2010, 
or, if that day is not a business day, the next following business day together with accrued and unpaid interest 
(subject to any requirement to deduct tax therefrom) up to (but excluding) that date.

Page 13 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
4. Irrevocable undertakings 
The Offeror has received irrevocable undertakings to accept the Offers from the following Novar Shareholders: 
(a) the directors of Novar, in respect of 208,132 Novar Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 0.05 per 
cent. of the existing issued ordinary share capital of Novar; and 
(b) Active Value, in respect of 72,028,859 Novar Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 16.70 per cent. of 
the existing issued ordinary share capital of Novar. 
The irrevocable undertakings provided by the directors of Novar will cease to be binding only if the Offers lapse 
or are withdrawn and will remain binding if a higher competing offer is made for Novar. 
The irrevocable undertaking provided by Active Value will cease to be binding only in the event of an 
announcement of a third party offer representing at least a 10 per cent. premium to the aggregate value of the 
Ordinary Offer and the proposed second interim dividend and which is not at least matched by Honeywell. 
5. Information on Honeywell 
Honeywell is a diversified technology and manufacturing leader serving customers worldwide with aerospace 
products and services; control technologies for buildings, homes and industry; automotive products; power 
generation systems; specialty chemicals, fibres, plastics; and advanced materials. 
Honeywell is organised into four business segments: aerospace, automation and control solutions (ACS), 
speciality materials and transportation systems. 
Honeywell's ACS division, which is expected to generate revenues of US$8.0 billion in 2004, is a strategic 
business group applying sensing and control expertise that helps create safer, more comfortable, more secure 
and more productive environments. The building solutions business unit within ACS provides HVAC (heating, 
ventilation and air conditioning) and building control solutions and services, energy management solutions and 
services, security and asset management solutions and services, enterprise building integration solutions and 
building information services. 
Honeywell is headquartered in Morris Township, New Jersey, USA and its shares are traded on the New York, 
London, Chicago and Pacific stock exchanges. Honeywell is a constituent of the Dow Jones Industrial Average 
and also a component of the Standard and Poor's 500 Index. 
6. Information on Novar 
Novar, a UK listed holding company, operates internationally in three different businesses. 
Intelligent Building Systems (IBS) is a business with global reach, supplying low voltage electrical safety, control 
and distribution products and services to building operators, contractors and developers worldwide. With 
operations in over 30 countries in North America, Europe, the Middle East, India, South East Asia and China, 
Novar's intelligent building systems include a wide range of high quality, offerings for fire detection and alarm, 
energy management and environmental control, access control and intruder alarm, CCTV and electrical and data 
connectivity. In 2003, Novar's IBS division achieved sales of £604 million and adjusted operating profit (excluding 
exceptional items, restructuring charges and goodwill amortisation) of £36 million. 
Indalex Aluminum Solutions (Indalex) is one of the leading aluminium extrusions businesses in North America. 
Indalex has a network of plants across North America and a strategic partnership providing substantial additional 
offshore manufacturing capacity. Indalex has created a metals buying organisation which is one of the largest 
independent buyers of aluminium billet in North America and provides both design and engineering services, as 
well as fabrication and finishing. The industries Indalex services are building and construction (both residential 
and commercial), consumer durables, electrical and cable, machinery and equipment, transportation and 
distribution, and automotive. In 2003, the Indalex division achieved sales of almost £480 million and adjusted 
operating profit (excluding exceptional items, restructuring charges and goodwill amortisation) of £8 million. 
Security Printing Services (SPS) operates a security printing business which handles more than 55 million cheque 
orders a year and more than 17 million customer and partner contacts annually on behalf of financial institutions 
in the United States. The SPS division utilises a fully integrated, electronically linked network of manufacturing 
facilities and customer service centres, and serves more than 4,000 banking, credit union, and other financial 
institution partners. In 2003, the SPS division achieved sales of £347 million and adjusted operating profit 
(excluding exceptional items, restructuring charges and goodwill amortisation) of £62 million.

Page 14 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
7. Reasons for the Offers 
Honeywell believes Novar's IBS unit will enhance its offering of security, fire and building controls products and 
services, particularly in the UK and in Germany, and support its strategy of global growth of these businesses. 
Honeywell intends to integrate Novar's IBS unit into Honeywell's ACS division which is expected to have 2004 
full-year revenues of approximately US$8.0 billion and currently employs over 40,000 people worldwide. 
Honeywell expects that Novar's IBS assets, its technology, business presence, customers and employees will 
contribute to the growth of Honeywell's ACS division going forward. 
Honeywell does not intend to hold Novar's other business units - Security Printing Services and Indalex 
Aluminum Solutions - in the long-term and expects to pursue strategic alternatives for these units as soon as 
practicable. Honeywell's preliminary assessment is that potential divestiture proceeds may be US$1.0-1.5 billion, 
although there can be no certainty regarding the proceeds from or timing of any such divestitures. 
8. Novar Share Option Schemes 
If the Offers become or are declared unconditional in all respects, appropriate proposals will be made in due 
course to participants in the Novar Share Option Schemes which will include a cashless exercise facility and, in 
the case of participants in the Novar plc Savings Related Share Option Scheme and the Novar plc 1999 Savings 
Related Share Option Scheme, proposals to pay a cash sum which, on an after-tax basis, would compensate 
them for the profit that would have arisen had they been able to continue saving and exercise their options for an 
additional six months after the latest date permitted under the scheme. 
9. Management and employees 
Honeywell has given assurances to the directors of Novar that, on the Offers becoming or being declared 
unconditional in all respects, the existing contractual and statutory employment rights, including pension rights, of 
all Novar Group employees will be observed at least to the extent required by applicable law. 
10. Inducement fee arrangements 
Novar has agreed to pay to Honeywell an inducement fee of £6 million (inclusive of VAT) in the event that: 
(a) any other offer or proposal for all or a material part of Novar is either: (i) announced prior to the Offers 
becoming or being declared unconditional in all respects, lapsing or being withdrawn and is subsequently 
successful, or (ii) the subject of speculation during such time and the subject of an announcement within 90 days 
of the expiry of such period; and (iii) either that and/or another offer or proposal announced during the currency of 
any such prior offer or proposal is subsequently completed; 
(b) the directors of Novar withdraw (or modify or qualify in a manner adverse to Honeywell) their approval or 
recommendation of the Offers. 
The inducement fee agreement contains certain other undertakings by Novar including Novar's agreement not to 
solicit or initiate alternative proposals that would be inconsistent with the implementation of the Offers. 
11. Compulsory acquisition and de-listing 
If the Ordinary Offer becomes or is declared unconditional in all respects and the Offeror receives acceptances 
under the Ordinary Offer in respect of, and/or otherwise acquires, at least 90 per cent. of the Novar Ordinary 
Shares to which the Ordinary Offer relates, it will be the Offeror's intention: 
(a) to exercise its rights pursuant to the provisions of sections 428 to 430F of the Companies Act to acquire 
compulsorily the remaining Novar Ordinary Shares to which the Ordinary Offer relates; and 
(b) to procure that Novar makes applications to the UK Listing Authority for the cancellation of the listing of Novar 
Ordinary Shares and Novar Preference Shares on the Official List and to the London Stock Exchange for the 
cancellation of trading in Novar Ordinary Shares and Novar Preference Shares on its market for listed securities. 
It is anticipated that the cancellation of Novar's listing and admission to trading will take effect no earlier than the 
expiry of 20 business days after the date on which the Offers become or are declared unconditional in all 
respects. De-listing would significantly reduce the liquidity and marketability of any Novar Shares not assented to 
the Offers.

Page 15 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
12. Disclosure of interests in Novar 
Honeywell has received irrevocable undertakings to accept the Ordinary Offer in respect of a total of 72,236,991 
Novar Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 16.74 per cent. of the existing issued ordinary share capital 
of Novar. 
Save as set out in this announcement, as at December 12, 2004, the date immediately prior to this 
announcement, neither Honeywell nor, so far as Honeywell is aware, any person acting in concert with 
Honeywell, owns or controls Novar Ordinary Shares or Novar Preference Shares or holds options to purchase 
any Novar Ordinary Shares or Novar Preference Shares or has entered into derivatives referenced to Novar 
Ordinary Shares or Novar Preference Shares which remain outstanding. 
13. General 
The Offers will be subject to the applicable requirements of the Code. The Offer Document and Form of 
Acceptance will contain the full terms and conditions of the Offers and will be despatched to Novar Shareholders 
as soon as practicable. 
In deciding whether or not to accept the Ordinary Offer in respect of their Novar Ordinary Shares or the 
Preference Offer in respect of their Novar Preference Shares, Novar Shareholders should rely on the information 
contained, and follow the procedures described, in the Offer Document and the Form of Acceptance. 
Appendix II contains details of sources and bases for this announcement. Appendix III contains definitions used in 
this announcement. 
Enquiries 
JPMorgan Tel: +44 (0) 20 7742 4000 
Larry Slaughter Eamon Brabazon 
Citigate Dewe Robertson Tel: +44 (0) 20 7638 9571 
Anthony Carlisle Sarah Gestetner 
Novar Tel: +44 (0) 1932 850 850 
Sir Graham Hearne Stephen Howard 
Cazenove & Co. Ltd Tel: +44 (0) 20 7588 2828 
Nick Wiles Piers Coombs 
Credit Suisse First Boston (Europe) Limited Tel: +44 (0) 20 7888 8888 
Andrew Christie Stuart Upcraft 
Goldman Sachs International Tel: +44 (0) 20 7774 1000 
Simon Dingemans Basil Geoghegan 
Finsbury Group Tel: +44 (0) 20 7251 3801 
Roland Rudd Edward Orlebar 
JPMorgan, which is regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Services Authority, is acting for Honeywell 
in connection with the Offers and no one else and will not be responsible to anyone other than Honeywell for 
providing the protections afforded to customers of JPMorgan or for providing advice in relation to the Offers. 
Cazenove, which is regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Services Authority, is acting for Novar as 
financial adviser and broker in connection with the Offers and no one else and will not be responsible to anyone 
other than Novar for providing the protections afforded to customers of Cazenove or for providing advice in 
relation to the Offers.

Page 16 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
CSFB, which is regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Services Authority, is acting for Novar as 
financial adviser and broker in connection with the Offers and no one else and will not be responsible to anyone 
other than Novar for providing the protections afforded to customers of CSFB or for providing advice in relation to 
the Offers. 
Goldman Sachs, which is regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Services Authority, is acting for Novar 
in connection with the Offers and no one else and will not be responsible to anyone other than Novar for 
providing the protections afforded to customers of Goldman Sachs or for providing advice in relation to the Offers. 
This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities 
or the solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for any securities pursuant to the Offers or otherwise. The Offers 
will be made solely by the Offer Document and the Form of Acceptance accompanying the Offer Document, 
which will contain the full terms and conditions of the Offers, including details of how the Offers may be accepted. 
The laws of the relevant jurisdictions may affect the availability of the Offers to persons who are not resident in 
the United Kingdom. Persons who are not resident in the United Kingdom or who are subject to laws of any 
jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom, should inform themselves about, and observe, any applicable 
requirements. Any person (including nominees, trustees and custodians) who would, or otherwise intends to, 
forward this announcement, the Offer Document and the Form of Acceptance or any accompanying document to 
any jurisdiction outside the United Kingdom should refrain from doing so and seek appropriate professional 
advice before taking any action. 
The Offers will not be made, directly or indirectly, to, or for the account or benefit of, US Persons or in or into, or 
by use of the mails or any other means or instrumentality (including, without limitation, telephonic or electronic) of 
interstate or foreign commerce of, or any facility of a national, state or other securities exchange of, Australia, 
Canada, Japan or the United States, and the Offers will not be capable of acceptance by or for the account or 
benefit of US Persons or by any such use, means, instrumentality or facility or from within Australia, Canada, 
Japan or the United States. Accordingly, copies of this announcement and formal documentation relating to the 
Offers are not being, and must not be, directly or indirectly, mailed or otherwise forwarded, distributed to, or sent 
to, or for the account or benefit of, US Persons or in or into or from Australia, Canada, Japan or the United States 
and persons receiving this announcement (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not distribute or 
send it into or from Australia, Canada, Japan or the United States. Doing so may render invalid any related 
purported acceptance of the Offers. These press-related materials are not an extension of the Offers in the US or 
to or for the account or benefit of US Persons. In the event that Honeywell extends the Offers in the US or to or 
for the account or benefit of US Persons at some future time, it will do so in satisfaction of the procedural and 
filing requirements of the US securities laws at that time, to the extent applicable thereto. 
The Loan Notes to be issued pursuant to the Offers, if any, have not been, and will not be, listed on any stock 
exchange. The Loan Notes will not be registered under the US Securities Act, or under any relevant securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States or the relevant securities laws of Japan, nor have 
clearances been, nor will they be, obtained from the securities commission or similar authority of any province or 
territory of Canada, nor has a prospectus in relation to the Loan Notes been, nor will one be, lodged with or 
registered by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission nor have any steps been taken, nor will any 
steps be taken, to enable the Loan Notes to be offered in compliance with applicable securities laws of Japan. 
Accordingly, unless an exemption under such act or securities laws is available, Loan Notes may not be offered, 
sold, re-sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, to, or to or for the benefit of, US Persons, or in or into, or by use of 
the mails of, or by any means or instrumentality (including, without limitation, telephonically or electronically) of 
interstate or foreign commerce of, or any facilities of a national, state or other securities exchange of, Australia, 
Canada, Japan or the United States, or any other jurisdiction in which an offer of Loan Notes would constitute (or 
result in the Offers constituting) a violation of relevant laws or require registration thereof, or to or for the account 
or benefit of, any resident or person subject to the jurisdiction of Australia, Canada, Japan or the United States. 
Any person who, alone or acting together with any other person(s) pursuant to an agreement or understanding 
(whether formal or informal) to acquire or control "relevant securities" (within the definition set out in the Code) of 
Novar, owns or controls, or becomes the owner or controller of, directly or indirectly, one per cent or more of any 
class of relevant securities of Novar is generally required under the provisions of Rule 8 of the Code to notify a 
Regulatory Information Service by not later than 12.00 noon on the business day following the date of the 
transaction of every dealing in such relevant securities during the period to the date on which the Ordinary Offer 
becomes or is declared unconditional as to acceptances or lapses or is withdrawn. A copy of such notification on 
the appropriate form should also be faxed to the Panel by that time on +44 (0) 20 7236 7013. Dealings by Novar, 
Honeywell or their respective "associates" (within the definition set out in the Code) in any class of relevant 
securities of Novar or referable thereto until the end of such period must also be so disclosed. Notification to the

Page 17 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Panel should be made by fax on +44 (0) 20 7256 9386. In the event of any doubt as to the application of these 
requirements, the Panel should be consulted on +44 (0) 20 7638 0129. 
APPENDIX I 
CONDITIONS AND FURTHER TERMS OF THE OFFERS 
The Offers, which will be made by JPMorgan on behalf of the Offeror, will comply with the applicable rules of the 
Code, will be governed by English law and will be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England. In addition, 
the Offers will be subject to the terms and conditions to be set out in the Offer Document and related Form of 
Acceptance. 
1. Conditions of the Ordinary Offer 
The Ordinary Offer will be conditional upon: 
(i) valid acceptances of the Ordinary Offer being received (and not, where permitted, withdrawn) by not later than 
3.00 pm (London time) on the first closing date of the Ordinary Offer (or such later time(s) and/or date(s) as 
Honeywell may, subject to the rules of the Code or with the consent of the Panel, decide) in respect of not less 
than 90 per cent., (or such lesser percentage as Honeywell may decide) in nominal value of the Novar Ordinary 
Shares to which the Ordinary Offer relates, provided that, unless agreed by the Panel, this condition shall not be 
satisfied unless Honeywell and/or any of its wholly-owned subsidiaries shall have acquired or agreed 
(unconditionally or subject only to conditions that will be fulfilled upon the Ordinary Offer becoming or being 
declared unconditional in all respects) to acquire (pursuant to the Ordinary Offer or otherwise) Novar Ordinary 
Shares carrying in aggregate more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights then normally exercisable at a general 
meeting of Novar including for this purpose (to the extent, if any, required by the Panel) any such voting rights 
attaching to any Novar Ordinary Shares that are unconditionally allotted or issued before the Ordinary Offer 
becomes or is declared unconditional as to acceptances, whether pursuant to the exercise of any outstanding 
subscription or conversion rights or otherwise. For the purposes of this condition: 
(a) the expression 'Novar Ordinary Shares to which the Ordinary Offer relates' shall be construed in accordance 
with sections 428 to 430F (inclusive) of the Companies Act; 
(b) Novar Ordinary Shares that have been unconditionally allotted but not issued shall be deemed to carry the 
voting rights that they will carry upon issue; 
(c) Novar Ordinary Shares that cease to be held in treasury are Novar Ordinary Shares to which the Ordinary 
Offer relates; and 
(d) valid acceptances shall be treated as having been received in respect of any Novar Ordinary Shares that 
Honeywell or any other member of the Wider Honeywell Group shall, pursuant to section 429(8) and, if 
applicable, section 430E of the Companies Act, be treated as having acquired or contracted to acquire by virtue 
of acceptances of the Offer; 
(ii) Honeywell having acquired or agreed (unconditionally or subject only to conditions that will be fulfilled upon the 
Ordinary Offer becoming or being declared unconditional in all respects) to acquire (pursuant to the Ordinary 
Offer, the Preference Offer or otherwise) Novar Shares representing in aggregate at least 80 per cent. (or such 
lesser percentage as Honeywell may decide) of the market value and the voting power of the issued and to be 
issued share capital of Novar; 
(iii) no Third Party having intervened in any way and there not continuing to be outstanding any statute, regulation 
or order of any Third Party in each case which would or might be expected (in any case to an extent which is 
material in the context of the Wider Honeywell Group or the Wider Novar Group, as the case may be, in each 
case, taken as a whole) to: 
(a) make the Offers or their implementation or the acquisition or proposed acquisition by Honeywell or any other 
member of the Wider Honeywell Group of any shares or other securities in, or control of, Novar or any other 
member of the Wider Novar Group, void, unenforceable and/or illegal in any jurisdiction or otherwise directly or 
indirectly restrain, restrict, prohibit, prevent, materially delay or otherwise interfere with the implementation 
thereof, or impose material additional conditions or obligations with respect to the Offers or such acquisition or 
control, or otherwise challenge, impede or hinder the Offers or their implementation, or require amendment to the 
terms of the Offers or the acquisition or proposed acquisition of any such shares or securities by Honeywell or 
any other member of the Wider Honeywell Group, or the acquisition of control of Novar by Honeywell;

Page 18 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
(b) require, prevent, or materially delay the divestiture or alter the terms of any proposed divestiture by Honeywell 
or any other member of the Wider Honeywell Group or by Novar or any other member of the Wider Novar Group 
of all or any part of their respective businesses, assets or properties or impose any limitation on the ability of any 
of them to conduct any of their respective businesses or to own or control any of their respective assets or 
properties or any material part thereof; 
(c) limit or materially delay the ability of any member of the Wider Honeywell Group or any member of the Wider 
Novar Group to acquire or to hold or to exercise effectively, directly or indirectly, all or any rights of ownership in 
respect of shares or other securities in, or to exercise voting or management control over, any member of the 
Wider Honeywell Group or any member of the Wider Novar Group; 
(d) except pursuant to Part XIIIA of the Companies Act in connection with the Offers, require any member of the 
Wider Honeywell Group or of the Wider Novar Group to acquire, or to offer to acquire, any shares or other 
securities (or the equivalent) or interest in any member of either group or any asset owned by any third party; 
(e) require, prevent or materially delay the divestiture or alter the terms envisaged for any proposed divestiture by 
any member of the Wider Honeywell Group of any shares or other securities (or the equivalent) in Novar; 
(f) limit to a material extent the ability of any member of the Wider Honeywell Group or of the Wider Novar Group 
to conduct or integrate or co-ordinate its business, or any part of it, with the businesses or any part of the 
businesses of any other member of the Wider Honeywell Group or of the Wider Novar Group; 
(g) result in any member of the Wider Novar Group ceasing to be able to carry on business under any name 
under which it presently does so; or 
(h) otherwise adversely affect the business, assets, profits, financial or trading position or prospects of any 
member of the Wider Novar Group or of the Wider Honeywell Group, 
and all applicable waiting and other time periods during which any Third Party could intervene under the laws of 
any relevant jurisdiction, in respect of the Offers or the acquisition or proposed acquisition of any shares or other 
securities in, or control of, Novar by Honeywell or any other member of the Wider Honeywell Group, having 
expired, lapsed or been terminated; 
(iv) to the extent that Council Regulation (EC) 139/2004 of January 20, 2004, on the control of concentrations 
between undertakings ("ECMR") may be applied, the Offers are conditional on the European Commission 
indicating, in terms reasonably satisfactory to Honeywell, that in connection with the proposed acquisition of 
control of the Novar Group by Honeywell, or any matter arising therefrom, it does not intend to initiate 
proceedings under Article 6(1)(c) of the ECMR; in the event that a request under Article 9(2) of the ECMR has 
been made, the European Commission indicating that it does not intend to make a referral of the proposed 
acquisition of control of the Novar Group by Honeywell or any matter arising therefrom to one or more competent 
authorities under Article (9)(1) of the ECMR; 
(v) all necessary notifications, filings and applications having been made, all regulatory and statutory obligations 
in any relevant jurisdiction having been complied with, all appropriate waiting and other time periods (including 
any extensions of such waiting and other time periods) under any applicable legislation or regulations of any 
relevant jurisdiction including but not limited to the United States Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 
1976 having expired, lapsed or been terminated in each case in respect of the Offers or the acquisition or 
proposed acquisition of any shares or other securities in, or control of, Novar or any other member of the Wider 
Novar Group by any member of the Wider Honeywell Group or the carrying on by any member of the Wider 
Novar Group of its business; 
(vi) all authorisations and determinations necessary or appropriate in any relevant jurisdiction for or in respect of 
the Offers or the acquisition or proposed acquisition of any shares or other securities in, or control of, Novar or 
any other member of the Wider Novar Group by any member of the Wider Honeywell Group or in relation to the 
continuation of the business of any member of the Wider Novar Group having been obtained, in terms and in a 
form satisfactory to Honeywell, from all relevant Third Parties or (without prejudice to the generality of the 
foregoing) from any persons or bodies with whom any member of the Wider Novar Group has entered into 
contractual arrangements that are material in the context of the Wider Novar Group taken as a whole and such 
authorisations and determinations, together with all authorisations and determinations necessary or appropriate 
for any member of the Wider Novar Group to carry on its business, remaining in full force and effect and there 
being no notice or intimation of any intention to revoke, suspend, restrict, modify or not renew any of the same in 
any such case in so far as is material in the context of the Wider Honeywell Group or Wider Novar Group, as the 
case may be, in each case, taken as a whole;

Page 19 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
(vii) except as publicly announced by Novar, or as fairly disclosed by or on behalf of Novar to Honeywell or its 
advisers in connection with the Offers prior to December 12, 2004, there being no provision of any agreement, 
arrangement, licence or other instrument to which any member of the Wider Novar Group is a party, or by or to 
which any such member or any of its assets is or are or may be bound, entitled or subject or any event or 
circumstance, which, in each case as a consequence of the Offers or the acquisition or proposed acquisition of 
any shares or other securities in, or control of, Novar or any other member of the Wider Novar Group by any 
member of the Wider Honeywell Group or otherwise, could or might reasonably be expected to result in, (in any 
case to an extent that is or would be material in the context of the Wider Novar Group taken as a whole): 
(a) any monies borrowed by, or any other indebtedness or liabilities (actual or contingent) of, or any grant 
available to, any such member being or becoming repayable or capable of being declared repayable immediately 
or prior to its stated maturity, or the ability of any such member to borrow moneys or incur any indebtedness 
being withdrawn or inhibited or becoming capable of being withdrawn; 
(b) any such agreement, arrangement, licence or other instrument, or the rights, liabilities, obligations or interests 
or business of any member of the Wider Novar Group thereunder, or the interests or business of any such 
member in or with any other person, firm, company or body (or any arrangement or arrangements relating to any 
such interests or business) being, or becoming capable of being, terminated or adversely modified or affected or 
any onerous obligation or liability arising or any adverse action being taken or arising thereunder; 
(c) any member of the Wider Novar Group ceasing to be able to carry on its business under any name under 
which it presently does so; 
(d) any asset or interest of or used by any member of the Wider Novar Group being or falling to be disposed of or 
changed or ceasing to be available to any member of the Wider Novar Group or any right arising under which any 
such asset or interest could be required to be disposed of or could cease to be available to any member of the 
Wider Novar Group, in each case otherwise than in the ordinary course of business; 
(e) the creation or enforcement of any mortgage, charge or other security interest over the whole or any material 
part of the business, property or assets of any member of the Wider Novar Group or any such mortgage, charge 
or other security interest (whenever created, arising or having arisen) becoming enforceable; 
(f) the creation of any liability (actual or contingent) by any member of the Wider Novar Group otherwise than in 
the ordinary course of business; or 
(g) the value of or the financial or trading position or prospects of any member of the Wider Novar Group being 
prejudiced or adversely affected; 
(viii) since December 31, 2003, save as publicly announced, or save as fairly disclosed by or on behalf of Novar 
to Honeywell or its advisers in connection with the Offers prior to December 12, 2004, no member of the Wider 
Novar Group having: 
(a) (save as between Novar and, on a pre-emptive basis, any member of the Wider Novar Group or upon the 
exercise of rights to subscribe for Novar Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted under any of the 
Novar Share Option Schemes on or prior to December 31, 2003, or details of which have been fairly disclosed in 
writing by or on behalf of Novar to Honeywell or its advisers in connection with the Offers prior to December 12, 
2004, "disclosed options") issued or agreed to issue or authorised or proposed the issue of additional shares of 
any class, or of securities convertible into or exchangeable for, or rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or 
acquire, any such shares or convertible securities or transferred or sold any shares out of treasury (save for the 
transfer of shares out of treasury on the exercise of disclosed options) or redeemed, purchased or repaid any of 
its own shares or other securities or reduced or made any other change to any part of its share capital; 
(b) recommended, declared, paid or made or proposed to recommend, declare, pay or make any bonus, dividend 
or other distribution whether payable in cash or otherwise (other than to Novar or a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Novar); 
(c) save for transactions between members of the Novar Group, acquired or disposed of or transferred, 
mortgaged or charged or created any security interest over any assets or any rights, title or interest in any asset 
(including shares and trade investments), which, in each case, is material in the context of the Wider Novar 
Group taken as a whole, or merged with or demerged any body corporate or authorised or proposed or 
announced any intention to propose any such merger, demerger, acquisition, disposal, transfer, mortgage, charge 
or security interest (other than in the ordinary course of business);

Page 20 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
(d) made or authorised or proposed or announced an intention to propose any change in its loan capital or issued, 
authorised or proposed the issue of any debentures; 
(e) (save in the ordinary course of business or for transactions between members of the Novar Group) incurred or 
increased or become subject to any indebtedness or liability (actual or contingent) which is material in the context 
of the Wider Novar Group taken as a whole; 
(f) entered into, varied or authorised any agreement, transaction, arrangement or commitment (whether in respect 
of capital expenditure or otherwise) which: 
(i) is of a long-term, onerous or unusual nature or magnitude or which involves or could involve an obligation of 
such a nature or magnitude; or 
(ii) could restrict the business of any member of the Wider Novar Group, and in any case which is material in the 
context of the Wider Novar Group taken as a whole; 
(g) entered into or varied the terms of any contract, agreement or arrangement with any of the Directors of Novar 
or any other director or senior executive of any member of the Wider Novar Group; 
(h) waived or compromised any claim other than in the ordinary course of business in any case in a manner or on 
terms that are material in the context of the Wider Novar Group taken as a whole; 
(i) taken any corporate action or had any legal proceedings instituted or threatened against it or petition presented 
or order made, in each case in relation to the suspension of payments, moratorium of any indebtedness, its 
winding-up (voluntary or otherwise), dissolution or reorganisation or for the appointment of a receiver, 
administrator, manager, administrative receiver, trustee or similar officer of all or any material part of its assets or 
revenues or any analogous proceedings in any jurisdiction or appointed any analogous person in any jurisdiction 
or had any such person appointed; 
(j) been unable, or admitted in writing that it is unable, to pay its debts or having stopped or suspended (or 
threatened to stop or suspend) payment of its debts generally or ceased or threatened to cease carrying on all or 
a substantial part of its business; 
(k) proposed, agreed to provide or modified the terms of any share option scheme, incentive scheme, or other 
benefit relating to the employment or termination of employment of any employee of the Wider Novar Group; 
(l) made or agreed or consented to any significant change to the terms of the trust deeds constituting the pension 
schemes established for its directors, employees or their dependants or the benefits which accrue, or to the 
pensions which are payable, thereunder, or to the basis on which qualification for, or accrual or entitlement to, 
such benefits or pensions are calculated or determined or to the basis on which the liabilities (including pensions) 
of such pension schemes are funded or made, or agreed or consented to any change to the trustees involving the 
appointment of a trust corporation; 
(m) implemented, effected or authorised, proposed or announced its intention to implement any composition, 
assignment, reconstruction, amalgamation, commitment, scheme or other transaction or arrangement (other than 
the Offers); 
(n) made any alteration to the memorandum or articles of association of Novar or any material alteration to the 
memorandum or articles of association of any of Novar's subsidiaries; or 
(o) entered into any contract, commitment, agreement or arrangement or passed any resolution with respect to, or 
announced an intention to, or to propose to effect, any of the transactions, matters or events referred to in this 
condition; 
(ix) since December 31, 2003, and save as publicly announced, or as fairly disclosed by or on behalf of Novar to 
Honeywell or its advisers in connection with the Offers prior to December 31, 2004: 
(a) no adverse change or deterioration having occurred in the business, assets, financial or trading position or 
profits or prospects of Novar or any other member of the Wider Novar Group that is material in the context of the 
Wider Novar Group taken as a whole; 
(b) no litigation or arbitration proceedings, prosecution or other legal proceedings having been instituted, 
announced, implemented or threatened in writing by or against or remaining outstanding against or in respect of 
any member of the Wider Novar Group or to which any member of the Wider Novar Group is or may become a

Page 21 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
party (whether as plaintiff, defendant or otherwise) the effect of which is adverse to any member of the Wider 
Board Group to an extent which in any case is material in the context of the Wider Novar Group taken as a 
whole; 
(c) (other than as a result of the Offers) no enquiry or investigation by, or complaint or reference to, any Third 
Party having been threatened in writing, announced, implemented or instituted by or against or remaining 
outstanding against or in respect of any member of the Wider Novar Group which in any such case is adverse to 
the interests of any member of the Wider Novar Group and is material in the context of the Wider Novar Group 
taken as a whole; and 
(d) no contingent or other liability of any member of the Wider Novar Group having arisen or become apparent or 
increased which in any case is material in the context of the Wider Novar Group taken as a whole; 
(x) save as fairly disclosed by or on behalf of Novar to Honeywell or its advisers in connection with the Offers 
prior to December 12, 2004, Honeywell not having discovered since December 12, 2004: 
(a) that any financial, business or other information concerning Novar or the Wider Novar Group that has been 
disclosed at any time by or on behalf of any member of the Wider Novar Group whether publicly, or to any 
member of the Wider Honeywell Group prior to December 13, 2004, is misleading, contains any 
misrepresentation of fact or omits to state a fact necessary to make the information contained therein not 
misleading and which was not subsequently corrected before December 12, 2004, by disclosure either publicly or 
otherwise to Honeywell, to an extent which in any such case is material and adverse in the context of the Wider 
Novar Group taken as a whole and the acquisition of Novar by Honeywell; or 
(b) that any member of the Wider Novar Group is subject to any liability (actual or contingent) that has not been 
disclosed to any member of the Wider Honeywell Group or publicly announced prior to December 12, 2004, and 
which in any case is material in the context of the Wider Novar Group taken as a whole; 
(c) any information which affects the import of any information disclosed in writing at any time prior to December 
12, 2004, by or on behalf of any member of the Wider Novar Group whether publicly or to Honeywell to an extent 
which is material and adverse in the context of the Wider Novar Group taken as a whole and the acquisition of 
Novar by Honeywell; 
(xi) Honeywell not having discovered since December 12, 2004 that, save as publicly announced or fairly 
disclosed by or on behalf of Novar to Honeywell or its advisers in connection with the Offers prior to December 
12, 2004: 
(a) any past or present member of the Wider Novar Group has not complied with all applicable legislation or 
regulations of any jurisdiction or authorisations with regard to the storage, disposal, discharge, carriage, spillage, 
leak or emission of any waste or hazardous substance or any substance likely to impair the environment or harm 
human health, or otherwise relating to environmental matters or the health and safety of any person, or that there 
has otherwise been any such use, treatment, handling, storage, transport, release, disposal, discharge, spillage, 
leak or emission (whether or not this constituted a non-compliance by any person with any legislation or 
regulations and wherever the same may have taken place) which, in any case, would be likely to give rise to any 
liability (whether actual or contingent) or cost on the part of any member of the Wider Novar Group which in any 
case is material in the context of the Wider Novar Group taken as a whole; or 
(b) there is, or is likely to be, any liability (whether actual or contingent) to make good, repair, reinstate or clean up 
any property now or previously owned, occupied or made use of by or on behalf of any past or present member of 
the Wider Novar Group, or in which any such member may now or previously have had or be deemed to have or 
have had an interest, or any other property or any controlled waters under any environmental legislation, 
regulation, notice, circular or order or other lawful requirement of any relevant authority or Third Party or 
otherwise which in any case is material in the context of the Wider Novar Group taken as a whole; or 
(c) that circumstances exist whereby a person or class of persons would be likely to have a claim in respect of 
any product or process of manufacture or materials used therein now or previously manufactured, sold or carried 
out by any past or present member of the Wider Novar Group which is or would be material in the context of the 
Wider Novar Group taken as a whole. 
For the purposes of these conditions: 
(a) 'Third Party' means any government, government department or governmental, quasi-governmental, 
supranational, statutory, regulatory or investigative body, authority (including any national anti-trust or merger

Page 22 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
control authority), court, trade agency, association, institution or professional or environmental body or any other 
person or body whatsoever in any relevant jurisdiction; 
(b) a Third Party shall be regarded as having 'intervened' if it has decided to take, institute, implement, or threaten 
any action, proceeding, suit, investigation or enquiry or reference, or made, enacted or proposed any statute, 
regulation, decision, order or change to published practice, or taken any measures or other steps or required any 
action to be taken or information to be provided or otherwise having done anything and 'intervene' shall be 
construed accordingly; 
(c) 'authorisations' means authorisations, orders, grants, recognitions, confirmations, consents, licences, 
clearances, permissions, exemptions and approvals; 
(d) 'publicly announced' means fairly disclosed in the annual report and accounts of Novar for the year ended 
December, 31 2003 or otherwise announced on or before December 12, 2004 by Novar by the delivery of an 
announcement to a Regulatory Information Service; and 
(e) 'the Wider Novar Group' means Novar and its subsidiary undertakings, associated undertakings and any 
other undertakings in which Novar and such undertakings (aggregating their interests) have a substantial interest 
and 'the Wider Honeywell Group' means Honeywell and its subsidiary undertakings, associated undertakings and 
any other undertaking in which Honeywell and such undertakings (aggregating their interests) have a substantial 
interest and, for these purposes, 'subsidiary undertaking', 'associated undertaking' and 'undertaking' have the 
meanings given by the Companies Act (but for this purpose ignoring paragraph 20(1)(b) of Schedule 4A to the 
Companies Act) and 'substantial interest' means a direct or indirect interest in 20 per cent. or more of the equity 
capital of an undertaking. 
Subject to the requirements of the Panel, Honeywell reserves the right to waive all or any of the above conditions, 
in whole or in part, except condition (i). The Ordinary Offer will lapse if it does not become or is not declared 
unconditional as to acceptances. Further, the Offers will lapse unless conditions (ii) to (xi) have been fulfilled or (if 
capable of waiver) waived, or, where appropriate, have been determined by Honeywell to be or remain satisfied, 
by midnight on the day which is 21 days after the date on which the Ordinary Offer becomes or is declared 
unconditional as to acceptances, or such later date as Honeywell may, with the consent of the Panel, decide, 
provided that Honeywell shall be under no obligation to waive or treat as fulfilled any of conditions (ii) to (xi) 
inclusive by a date earlier than the latest date specified above for the fulfilment thereof notwithstanding that any 
such condition or the other conditions of the Offers may at such earlier date have been fulfilled and that there are 
at such earlier date no circumstances indicating that any of such conditions may not be capable of fulfilment. 
Honeywell has agreed with Novar to treat any commitments required to secure an Article 6(1)(b) ECMR decision 
as reasonably satisfactory to Honeywell provided such commitments are not material in the context of the value of 
the Novar IBS business taken as a whole. 
The Offers will lapse (unless otherwise agreed by the Panel) if the European Commission either initiates 
proceedings under Article 6(1)(c) of Council Regulation (EC) No 139/2004, or makes a referral to a competent 
national authority under Article 9(1) thereof and, having done so, the UK Competition Commission initiates an 
in-depth investigation in relation to the acquisition of Novar, before the later of 3.00 pm (London time) on the first 
closing date of the Ordinary Offer and the date on which the Ordinary Offer becomes or is declared unconditional 
as to acceptances. 
If the Offers lapse they will cease to be capable of further acceptance and Honeywell and accepting Novar 
Shareholders shall thereupon cease to be bound by forms of acceptance submitted at or before the time when 
the Offers so lapse. 
If Honeywell is required by the Panel to make an offer for Novar Ordinary Shares under the provisions of Rule 9 
of the Code, Honeywell may make such alterations to the terms and conditions of the Offers as are necessary to 
comply with the provisions of that Rule. 
2. Conditions of the Preference Offer 
The Preference Offer will be subject only to the Ordinary Offer becoming or being declared unconditional in all 
respects. 
3. Certain further terms of the Offers

Page 23 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
The Novar Shares which are subject to the Offers will be acquired by Honeywell fully paid, with full title guarantee 
and free from all liens, charges, equitable interests, encumbrances, rights of pre-emption and other third party 
rights or interests of any nature whatsoever and together with all rights now or hereafter attached thereto 
including, without limitation, the right to receive and retain any dividend and other distribution, announced, 
declared, made or paid on or after the date of this announcement save for the proposed second interim dividend 
of 6.60 pence per Novar Ordinary Share, to be paid in lieu of a final dividend for the year ending December 31, 
2004 if the Offers become or are declared unconditional in all respects. 
The availability of the Offers to persons not resident in the United Kingdom may be affected by the laws of the 
relevant jurisdictions. Persons who are not resident in the United Kingdom should inform themselves about and 
observe any applicable requirements. 
APPENDIX II 
SOURCES AND BASES 
In this announcement: 
(i) Unless otherwise stated, financial information concerning Novar has been extracted from the Annual Report 
and Accounts of Novar for the year ended December 31, 2003. 
(ii) Unless otherwise stated, financial information concerning Honeywell has been extracted from Honeywell's 
form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. 
(iii) The value of the issued share capital of Novar is based upon 431,430,361 Novar Ordinary Shares and 
126,254,460 Novar Preference Shares in issue on December 9, 2004, as announced by Novar pursuant to Rule 
2.10 of the Code, and excludes Novar Shares which could fall to be issued on exercise in full of options granted 
under the Novar Share Option Schemes. 
(iv) The closing market price of a Novar Share is the middle market price extracted from the Daily Official List for 
the relevant day. 
APPENDIX III 
DEFINITIONS 
The following definitions apply throughout this announcement, unless the context otherwise requires: 
"Active Value" Active Value Fund Managers Limited 
"Australia" the Commonwealth of Australia and its dependent 
territories 
"business day" a day, not being a Saturday or a Sunday, on which 
banks in London and New York are typically open for 
business 
"Cazenove" Cazenove & Co. Ltd 
"Code" The City Code on Takeovers and Mergers 
"Companies Act" the Companies Act 1985, as amended 
"CSFB" Credit Suisse First Boston (Europe) Limited 
"Daily Official List" the Daily Official List of the London Stock 
Exchange 
"Form of Acceptance" the form of acceptance, authority and election for 
use by 
Novar Shareholders in connection with the 
Offers 
"Goldman Sachs" Goldman Sachs International 
"Honeywell" Honeywell International or, as the context 
requires, a wholly owned subsidiary of Honeywell 
International incorporated with limited liability 
under the laws of England and designated by 
Honeywell International to make the Offers 
"Honeywell Group" Honeywell International and its subsidiaries 
"Honeywell International" Honeywell International Inc., a Delaware

Page 24 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
corporation 
"Japan" Japan, its cities, prefectures, territories and 
possessions; 
"JPMorgan" J.P. Morgan plc 
"LIBOR" the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate for deposits in 
sterling for a period of 6 months as published on 
the relevant business day in London at or about 
11am (London time) 
"Loan Note Alternative" the alternative whereby Novar Shareholders (other 
than certain overseas shareholders) validly 
accepting the Offers may elect to receive Loan 
Notes instead of some or all of the cash 
consideration to which they would otherwise be 
entitled under the Offers 
"Loan Notes" the floating rate guaranteed unsecured loan notes 
of Honeywell to be issued pursuant to the Loan Note 
Alternative 
"London Stock Exchange" London Stock Exchange plc 
"Melrose" Melrose plc, which posted its cash and share offer 
to Novar Shareholders on November 29, 2004 
"Novar" Novar plc 
"Novar Group" Novar and its subsidiary undertakings and, where 
the context permits, each of them 
"Novar Ordinary Shares" the existing unconditionally allotted or issued and 
fully paid ordinary shares of 27 7/9 pence each in 
the capital of Novar (other than any such shares 
that may be Treasury Shares while held by Novar) 
and any further such shares which are 
unconditionally allotted or issued (including 
pursuant to the exercise of outstanding options 
granted under the Novar Share Option Schemes) prior 
to the date on which the Ordinary Offer closes for 
acceptance (or such earlier date or dates, not 
being earlier than the date on which the Ordinary 
Offer becomes unconditional as to acceptances or, 
if later, the first closing date of the Ordinary 
Offer, as Honeywell may decide) 
"Novar Share Option the Novar plc Performance Partnership Plan, the 
Schemes" Novar plc Executive Share Option Scheme, the Novar 
plc 1996 Executive Share Option Scheme, the Novar 
plc Savings Related Share Option Scheme and the 
Novar plc 1999 Savings Related Share Option 
Scheme 
"Novar Shareholders" holders of Novar Shares 
"Novar Preference Shares" the existing unconditionally allotted or issued and 
fully paid convertible cumulative redeemable 
preference shares of 16 2/3 pence each in the 
capital of Novar (other than any such shares that 
may be Treasury Shares while held by Novar) and any 
further such shares which are unconditionally 
allotted or issued prior to the date on which the 
Preference Offer closes for acceptance (or such 
earlier date or dates, not being earlier than the 
date on which the Ordinary Offer becomes 
unconditional as to acceptances or, if later, the 
first closing date of the Ordinary Offer, as 
Honeywell may decide) 
"Novar Shares" Novar Ordinary Shares and/or Novar Preference 
Shares, as the context requires 
"Offer Document" the document to be despatched on behalf of the

Page 25 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Offeror containing the terms and conditions of the 
Offers 
"Offeror" a company to be formed by Honeywell for the purpose 
of making the Offers which will be a wholly owned, 
indirect subsidiary of Honeywell 
"Offers" the Ordinary Offer and the Preference Offer 
"Ordinary Offer" the recommended cash offer to be made by JPMorgan 
on behalf of Honeywell or a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of Honeywell for all of the Novar Ordinary Shares 
on the terms and subject to the conditions to be 
set out in the Offer Document and in the relevant 
Form of Acceptance including, where the context 
requires, any subsequent revision, variation, 
extension or renewal of such offers or election 
available thereunder 
"overseas shareholders" Novar Shareholders residing in, or subject to, any 
jurisdiction outside the UK 
"Panel" The Panel on Takeovers and Mergers 
"Preference Offer" the recommended cash offer to be made by JPMorgan 
on behalf of Honeywell or a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of Honeywell for all of the Novar Preference Shares 
on the terms and subject to the conditions to be 
set out in the Offer Document and in the relevant 
Form of Acceptance including, where the context 
requires, any subsequent revision, variation, 
extension or renewal of such offers or election 
available thereunder 
"Regulatory Information any of the services set out in schedule 12 to the 
Service" Listing Rules of the UK Listing Authority 
"subsidiary" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Companies Act 
"subsidiary undertaking", shall have the meanings given by the Companies 
"associated undertaking" and Act (but for this purposes ignoring paragraph 20 
"undertaking" (1)(b) of Schedule 4A to the Companies Act) 
"substantial interest" shall mean a direct or indirect interest in 20 
per cent or more of the equity capital of an 
undertaking 
"Treasury Shares" any Novar Shares which are for the time being, 
held by Novar as treasury shares (within the 
meaning of Section 162A of the Companies Act) 
"UK Listing Authority" the Financial Services Authority acting in its 
capacity as the competent authority for listing 
under Part VI of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 
"UK" or "United Kingdom" the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern 
Ireland 
"US" or "United States" the United States of America, its possessions and 
territories, all areas subject to its 
jurisdiction or any subdivision thereof, any 
State of the United States and the District of 
Columbia 
"US Persons" as defined in Regulation S under the US 
Securities Act 
"US Securities Act" the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended 
This information is provided by RNS The company news service from the London Stock Exchange 
Document RNS0000020041213e0cd0004r

Page 26 of 26 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
PLATTS - Indalex parent Novar agrees to US manufacturer Honeywell takeover. 
PLATTS - Indalex parent Novar agrees to US manufacturer Honeywell takeover. 
256 words 
13 December 2004 
12:52 
Platts Commodity News 
PLATT 
English 
Copyright 2004. Platts. All Rights Reserved. 
London (Platts)-13Dec2004/1249 pm EST/1749 GMT US manufacturing and technology company Honeywell 
earlier Monday said it has reached agreement with the board of directors of Novar on a friendly takeover bid. 
Honeywell offered GBP1.85/Novar ordinary share and GBP103.625/per Novar convertible preference share. In 
addition, holders of Novar ordinary shares will be entitled to retain a final 2004 dividend of 6.6 pence per share. 
The aggregate value of the offers is GBP1.2-bil ($2.4-bil) fully diluted for the exercise of all outstanding options, 
including the assumption of approximately GBP300-mil ($580-mil) of outstanding debt, net of cash. Honeywell 
added the Novar board has unanimously recommended the offers. "This acquisition is an excellent opportunity to 
further expand our Automation and Control Solutions business," said David Cote, Honeywell Chairman and CEO. 
Honeywell intends to integrate Novars IBS unit, including security, fire and building controls products and 
services, and 2003 revenue of GBP603.9-mil ($1.2-bil), into its Automation and Control Solutions (ACS) division. 
London (Platts)-13Dec2004/1250 pm EST/1750 GMT The acquisition, expected to be completed by the first 
quarter of 2005, includes the purchase of Novar's Indalex Aluminum Solutions, as well as the company's Security 
Printing Services. "Honeywell does not intend to hold Indalex Aluminum Solutions and Security Printing Services 
in the long-term and expects to pursue strategic alternatives for these units as soon as practical," Honeywell said 
in a statement. 
Document PLATT00020041213e0cd003xp 
Search Summary 
Text David Cote AND Novar 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2005 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Honeywell International, Inc. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

