Page 1 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Aon Corporation ; Aon Completes Acquisition of Benfield Group Limited.......................................................................2 
Aon Creates New Specialty Business Unit......................................................................................................................3 
Aon Announces New Global Specialty Business; Builds on Momentum of Benfield Acquisition to Bring Unmatched 
Solutions to Clients..........................................................................................................................................................4 
Aon Corporation Offer Update.........................................................................................................................................6 
Aon Completes Acquisition of Benfield Group Limited ; Aon Benfield Ready to Serve Clients on Day One, Offering 
Unparalleled Talent, Innovation, Analytics, Insight and Advice.......................................................................................8 
Aon Corporation Announces Updates On Acquisition Of Benfield Group Limited ........................................................11 
Special Report: Merger regulation - Are EU on the merger trail?..................................................................................12 
News - Asia: Aon Acquires Benfield..............................................................................................................................14 
Aon Corporation ; Aon to Acquire Benfield Group Limited ............................................................................................15 
News Analysis: Broker takeover - Benfield relents to Aon approach. ...........................................................................16 
Aon to buy Benfield for $1.56 billion..............................................................................................................................18 
Aon to Acquire Benfield.................................................................................................................................................19 
Aon of US agrees to buy Benfield for GBP844m cash..................................................................................................20 
Aon to Acquire Benfield Group Limited .........................................................................................................................21 
Aon to acquire Benfield .................................................................................................................................................25 
Aon Corporation Recommended Cash Acquisition of Benfield Group Ltd ....................................................................26 
2nd UPDATE: US Aon Corp To Buy UK Benfield Group For GBP844M ......................................................................55 
Aon to buy Benfield Group in £844 million deal ............................................................................................................57 
Reinsurance Brokerage Leader Aon to Acquire Benfield..............................................................................................59 
FEATURE - Broker mergers set scene for industry shift...............................................................................................61

Page 2 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Aon Corporation ; Aon Completes Acquisition of Benfield Group Limited 
Aon Corporation; Aon Completes Acquisition of Benfield Group Limited 
285 words 
9 December 2008 
Science Letter 
SCLT 
2289 
English 
(c) Copyright 2008 Science Letter via NewsRx.com 
2008 DEC 9 - (NewsRx.com) -- Aon Corporation (NYSE:AOC) announced that it has completed its acquisition of 
Benfield Group Limited, creating AonBenfield - the world's premiere reinsurance intermediary and capital 
advisor - which will launch on December 1. 
"The completion of this transaction marks an important milestone in the history of our firm and a new era of 
leadership for the global reinsurance industry," said Greg Case, president and chief executive officer of Aon 
Corporation. 
"We will be ready for action on day one, and our entire team is totally focused on continuing to deliver the best 
possible solutions for our combined clients during these turbulent times," noted Andrew Appel, chief executive 
officer of AonBenfield. 
"Since announcing our agreement, we have received strong support from colleagues and clients alike at both 
Benfield and Aon. This enthusiasm is recognition of the unparalleled set of capabilities we can now deliver as the 
new AonBenfield," said Grahame Chilton, vice chairman of Aon Group and former chief executive officer of 
Benfield. "I am excited about the prospect of working with Greg and in the development of Aon globally. This deal 
is an industry-changing event which will create new standards in what intermediaries should be offering to 
clients." 
Michael O'Halleran, executive chairman of AonBenfield, added, "By combining the talent and capabilities of Aon 
Re Global and Benfield Group, we are creating a powerful global franchise capable of expanding and redefining 
reinsurance and capital market solutions, as well as a compelling opportunity for current and prospective clients." 
This article was prepared by Science Letter editors from staff and other reports. Copyright 2008, Science Letter 
via NewsRx.com. 
Document SCLT000020081205e4c9002cl

Page 3 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Aon Creates New Specialty Business Unit 
Aon Creates New Specialty Business Unit 
291 words 
2 December 2008 
Best's Insurance News 
AMBEST 
English 
Copyright 2008 (c) A.M. Best Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
CHICAGO (BestWire) - Aon Corp. has launched a new global unit combining its specialty brokerage businesses 
with Benfield Corporate Risk. 
The move comes after Aon (NYSE: AOC) completed its $1.43 billion acquisition of Benfield Group Ltd., the 
London-based reinsurance broker (BestWire, Dec. 1, 2008). Grahame Chilton, Benfield’s former chief executive 
and now Aon vice chairman, has been named chairman of the new unit, Aon Specialty. 
"Aon Specialty builds on the momentum of our Benfield acquisition," Greg Case, Aon’s president and chief 
executive officer, said in a statement. 
The board of the new unit, made up of senior Aon brokerage officials, will work directly with the executive 
committee of Global Aon Risk Services, which was created earlier this year through the integration into a single 
business of Aon's world-wide risk and insurance brokerage operations. That integration was part of a three-year 
reorganization that began last year. 
Aon, the largest broker in the world with $6.1 billion in 2007 brokerage revenue, according to the Best’s Review 
ranking of global brokers, has been shedding some businesses to focus on risk management and brokering 
commercial lines and reinsurance, and human capital consulting. Acquiring Benfield was part of that effort, Aon 
said. 
In October, Aon agreed to sell AIS Management Group, which provides personal automobile and other personal 
lines in California, and it agreed to sell Combined Insurance Co. and Sterling Life Insurance Co. last December 
(BestWire, Oct. 15, 2008). 
Shares of Aon Corp. were selling at $43.41 in afternoon trading on Dec. 2, up 0.74% from the previous close. 
(By Alyn Ackermann, senior associate editor, BestWeek: Alyn.Ackermann@ambest.com) 
BN-NJ-12-02-2008 1508 ET # 
121604 
Document AMBEST0020081202e4c20012x

Page 4 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Aon Announces New Global Specialty Business; Builds on Momentum of Benfield Acquisition to Bring Unmatched Solutions to Clients 
Aon Announces New Global Specialty Business; Builds on Momentum of Benfield Acquisition to Bring 
Unmatched Solutions to Clients 
642 words 
1 December 2008 
04:00 
PR Newswire (U.S.) 
PRN 
English 
Copyright © 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. 
CHICAGO and LONDON, Dec. 1 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Aon Corporation (NYSE: AOC) today announced that 
it has created a new global specialty business unit - Aon Specialty - a strategic move designed to take advantage 
of the firm's decision earlier this year to pull together Aon's $5 billion in retail revenue, 26,000 colleagues and $54 
billion in annual premium throughput into one global team designed to best serve clients. 
(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20041215/CGW049LOGO ) 
"Aon Specialty builds on the momentum of our Benfield acquisition," said Greg Case, president and chief 
executive officer of Aon Corporation. "This business unit will leverage the strong specialty talent within Aon with 
the strong talent within the former Benfield Corporate Risk division to bring unmatched global solutions to our 
construction, energy, marine, space and aviation clients." 
Grahame Chilton, formerly chief executive officer of Benfield Group, will serve as chairman of Aon Specialty, 
working closely with Peter Harmer, chief executive officer of Aon's UK operations, and Michael R. Moran, the 
newly appointed chief operating officer of the group. Additionally, the new Specialty business will operate with a 
Board of Directors made up of some of Aon's most senior brokerage professionals and will work directly with the 
Global Aon Risk Services (ARS) Executive Committee made up of Aon leaders from around the globe. 
"We have made tremendous progress in pulling our Global Retail assets together to serve clients around the 
world in the most coordinated fashion," said Steve McGill, chairman and chief executive officer of ARS. "The 
announcement of Aon Specialty is the next logical strategic move." 
"Aon Specialty is all about bringing the best specialty brokerage solutions in the world to some of the fastest 
growing areas of the global economy, including energy and construction," added Ted Devine, president of ARS. 
"The addition of a very talented team from Benfield Corporate Risk demonstrates our commitment to making Aon 
Specialty the finest specialty brokering operation in the industry." 
"I am very excited about working with Greg, Steve and Ted to build the Global Specialty businesses. The 
alignment of the significant talent from Aon and Benfield create an unmatched opportunity for the Group," said 
Grahame Chilton. 
About Aon 
Aon Corporation (NYSE: AOC) is the leading global provider of risk management services, insurance and 
reinsurance brokerage, human capital and management consulting. Through its 36,000 colleagues worldwide, 
Aon readily delivers distinctive client value via innovative and effective risk management and workforce 
productivity solutions. Our industry-leading global resources, technical expertise and industry knowledge are 
delivered locally through more than 500 offices in more than 120 countries. Aon was named the world's best 
broker by Euromoney magazine's 2008 Insurance Survey. In 2008, Aon ranked highest on the Business 
Insurance ranking of the world's largest insurance brokers based on commercial retail, wholesale, reinsurance 
and personal lines brokerage revenues. Aon also was ranked by A.M. Best as the number one insurance broker 
based on brokerage revenues in 2007 and 2008, and was voted best insurance intermediary, best reinsurance 
intermediary, and best employee benefits consulting firm in 2007 and 2008 by the readers of Business Insurance. 
For more information on Aon. Log onto http://www.aon.com 
For further information, contact: 
London Chicago 
Reuben Aitchison David Prosperi 
+44 (0)20 7086 7201 312-381-2485

Page 5 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
reuben.aitchison@aon.co.uk david_prosperi@aon.com 
SOURCE Aon Corporation 
200812010400PR_NEWS_USPR_____CLM925.xml 
NewsCom: | PRN Photo Desk, photodesk@prnewswire.com 
Document PRN0000020081201e4c1000ru

Page 6 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Aon Corporation Offer Update 
Aon Corporation Offer Update 
727 words 
28 November 2008 
08:54 
Regulatory News Service 
RNS 
English 
(c) 2008 
RNS Number : 1869J 
Aon Corporation 
28 November 2008 
?
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN, INTO OR 
FROM ANY RESTRICTED JURISDICTION 
28 November 2008 
Completion of Amalgamation 
Recommended Cash Acquisition of Benfield Group Limited by Aon CorporationAon 
Corporation ("Aon") and Benfield are pleased to announce that, further to 
the announcement made on 19 November 2008, the remaining conditions to the 
Acquisition, as set out in the circular sent to Benfield Shareholders on 19 
September 2008 (the "Circular"), have now been satisfied or waived. The 
Amalgamation became effective earlier today. 
The last day of trading in Benfield Common Shares was Thursday 27 November 2008 
and such shares were cancelled from the official list of the Financial Services 
Authority with effect from 8:00 a.m. (London time) today. 
In accordance with the terms of the Amalgamation Agreement, Benfield 
Shareholders (other than Aon, Bidco, or any other direct or indirect subsidiary 
of Aon) will receive 350 pence in cash for each Benfield Common Share and 280 
pence in cash for each Benfield Preference Share, in either case, held at the 
Amalgamation Record Time. Cheques will be despatched or payment made through 
CREST, in either case, on or before Friday 12 December 2008, other than in 
respect of Benfield Common Shares held by participants in Benfield Share 
Schemes, to whom payment will be made in accordance with the terms of the 
proposal made to such participants dated 14 October 2008. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, terms defined in the Circular but not 
defined herein have the same meaning when used in this announcement. 
+--------------------------------------------+---------------------------+ 
| Enquiries: | | 
+--------------------------------------------+---------------------------+ 
| Bidco and Aon Corporation | Tel: +1 312 381 3983 | 
| Scott Malchow (Vice President, Investor | Tel: +1 312 381 2485 | 
| Relations) | | 
| David Prosperi (Vice President, Global | | 
| Public Relations) | | 
| | | 
+--------------------------------------------+---------------------------+ 
| Benfield | Tel: +44 (0)20 7578 | 
| Analysts & Investors | 7425 | 
| Julianne Jessup (Benfield) | Tel: +44 (0)20 7269 | 
| Rob Bailhache (Financial Dynamics) | 7200 | 
| Media | Tel: +44 (0)20 7522 |

Page 7 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
| David Bogg (Benfield) | 4016 | 
| Peter Rigby/David Haggie (Haggie | Tel: +44 (0)20 7417 | 
| Financial) | 8989 | 
| | | 
+--------------------------------------------+---------------------------+ 
The release, publication or distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions 
other than the United Kingdom may be restricted by law and, therefore, any 
persons who are subject to the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United 
Kingdom should inform themselves about, and observe, any applicable 
requirements. This announcement has been prepared for the purposes of complying 
with English law and with regard to the UK Takeover Code, and the information 
disclosed may not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this 
announcement had been prepared in accordance with the laws and regulations of 
any jurisdiction outside of England. 
Credit Suisse, which is authorised and regulated in the UK by the Financial 
Services Authority, is acting for Aon and Bidco and no one else in connection 
with the Acquisition and will not be responsible to anyone other than Aon and 
Bidco for providing the protections afforded to clients of Credit Suisse nor for 
providing advice in relation to the Acquisition or any other matters referred to 
herein. Neither Credit Suisse nor any of its subsidiaries, branches or 
affiliates owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever 
(whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in tort, under statute or 
otherwise) to any person who is not a client of Credit Suisse in connection with 
this announcement, any statement contained herein or otherwise. 
Lexicon Partners, which is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom by the 
Financial Services Authority, is acting as financial advisor to Aon and Bidco 
and no one else in connection with the Acquisition and will not be responsible 
to anyone other than Aon and Bidco for providing the protections afforded to the 
clients of Lexicon Partners nor for giving advice in relation to the 
Acquisition. 
Merrill Lynch has acted as financial adviser and corporate broker to Benfield 
and no one else in connection with the Acquisition and will not be responsible 
to anyone other than Benfield for providing the protections afforded to clients 
of Merrill Lynch nor for giving advice in relation to the Acquisition. 
This information is provided by RNS 
The company news service from the London Stock Exchange 
END 
OUPKGMZMFRMGRZM 
[ 28-11-08 1354GMT ] 
Document RNS0000020081128e4bs000f1

Page 8 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Aon Completes Acquisition of Benfield Group Limited ; Aon Benfield Ready to Serve Clients on Day One, Offering Unparalleled Talent, Innovation, Analytics, Insight and Advice 
Aon Completes Acquisition of Benfield Group Limited; AonBenfield Ready to Serve Clients on Day One, 
Offering Unparalleled Talent, Innovation, Analytics, Insight and Advice 
1,549 words 
28 November 2008 
13:06 
PR Newswire (U.S.) 
PRN 
English 
Copyright © 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. 
CHICAGO, Nov. 28 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Aon Corporation (NYSE: AOC) today announced that it has 
completed its acquisition of Benfield Group Limited, creating AonBenfield - the world's premiere reinsurance 
intermediary and capital advisor - which will launch on December 1. 
"The completion of this transaction marks an important milestone in the history of our firm and a new era of 
leadership for the global reinsurance industry," said Greg Case, president and chief executive officer of Aon 
Corporation. 
"We will be ready for action on day one, and our entire team is totally focused on continuing to deliver the best 
possible solutions for our combined clients during these turbulent times," noted Andrew Appel, chief executive 
officer of AonBenfield. 
"Since announcing our agreement, we have received strong support from colleagues and clients alike at both 
Benfield and Aon. This enthusiasm is recognition of the unparalleled set of capabilities we can now deliver as the 
new AonBenfield," said Grahame Chilton, vice chairman of Aon Group and former chief executive officer of 
Benfield. "I am excited about the prospect of working with Greg and in the development of Aon globally. This deal 
is an industry-changing event which will create new standards in what intermediaries should be offering to 
clients." 
Michael O'Halleran, executive chairman of AonBenfield, added, "By combining the talent and capabilities of Aon 
Re Global and Benfield Group, we are creating a powerful global franchise capable of expanding and redefining 
reinsurance and capital market solutions, as well as a compelling opportunity for current and prospective clients." 
As previously announced, the Benfield business will be combined with Aon's existing and complementary 
reinsurance operations, creating AonBenfield, which is expected to benefit from: 
-- World-class talent, including a team of more than 4,000 employees who 
can offer clients an integrated set of risk management products and 
services, including treaty and facultative reinsurance, innovative risk 
capital management and related advisory services; 
-- Enhanced scale and scope, including complementary books of business 
with minimal overlap in core U.S. and U.K. markets, and in developing 
markets targeted for growth, such as Asia, Central and Eastern Europe, 
Africa and Latin America; 
-- Industry leading analytics and modeling, an increasingly 
differentiating factor in the global market for reinsurance services; 
-- An expanded client base, comprised of the majority of insurance and 
reinsurance carriers globally; and 
-- Unparalleled market positioning, with the new 
AonBenfield being the 
world leader in treaty, in facultative and the leading broker in 
capital markets transactions. 
Terms of the Agreement and Final Purchase Price 
Pursuant to the terms of the previously disclosed Implementation Agreement between Aon and Benfield and the 
related announcement issued by Aon and Benfield, both dated August 22, 2008, Aon has completed its 
acquisition of the share capital of Benfield Group Limited for 3.50 British pounds per common share and 2.80

Page 9 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
British pounds per preference share, in each case in cash and the assumption of 91 million British pounds of 
Benfield net debt, representing an enterprise value of approximately 935 million British pounds on a fully diluted 
basis. Effective today at 8:00 a.m. London time, Benfield Group common shares were cancelled from the official 
list of the UK Financial Service Authority. 
As of the acquisition's initial announcement on August 22, the total required U.S. Dollar consideration was 
estimated at $1.75 billion. In order to hedge the acquisition's foreign currency transaction exposure, Aon entered 
into currency options to purchase British pounds at a fixed exchange rate, enabling Aon to benefit from U.S. 
Dollar strength. As of November 25, 2008, the required U.S. Dollar consideration to close the acquisition was 
estimated at $1.43 billion. This estimation of the U.S. Dollar consideration represents an approximate $320 million 
improvement to the previously announced purchase price, before premium costs associated with implementing 
the hedging program. As part of the hedging program, Aon previously expensed $6 million of costs in the third 
quarter and expects to record the remaining $44 million of costs required to complete the hedging program during 
the fourth quarter. 
AonBenfield Restructuring Plan 
In connection with the acquisition, Aon announces a global restructuring plan intended to integrate and streamline 
operations across the combined AonBenfield organization. The restructuring plan is expected to result in 
cumulative costs of approximately $185 million (approximately 120 million British pounds) over a three-year 
period, encompassing workforce reduction, lease consolidation, asset impairment and other costs associated with 
the restructuring plan. An estimated 500 to 700 positions, predominantly non- client facing roles, are expected to 
be eliminated as part of the plan. The restructuring plan, before any potential reinvestment of savings, is expected 
to deliver approximately $33-41 million (approximately 21-27 million British pounds) of savings in 2009, 
approximately $84-94 million (approximately 54-61 million British pounds) of savings in 2010 and approximately 
$122 million (approximately 79 million British pounds) of annualized savings in 2011. All of the components of the 
restructuring plan are not finalized and actual savings, total costs and timing may vary from those estimated due 
to changes in the scope or underlying assumptions of the plan. Amounts stated in US dollars have been 
converted to British pounds based on USD$1.00 = 0.6466 British pounds. 
About AonBenfield 
AonBenfield is the world's premier reinsurance intermediary and capital advisor, providing clients with integrated 
capital solutions and services. The company offers clients access to every traditional and alternative market in the 
world, through an international network of offices spanning over 50 countries and more than 4,000 professionals. 
Its worldwide client base is able to access the broadest portfolio of integrated capital solutions and services, 
world-class talent, unparalleled global reach and local expertise to best meet their business objectives. 
AonBenfield is the industry leader in treaty, facultative and capital markets transactions. 
About Aon 
Aon Corporation is the leading global provider of risk management services, insurance and reinsurance 
brokerage, human capital and management consulting. Through its 36,000 colleagues worldwide, Aon readily 
delivers distinctive client value via innovative and effective risk management and workforce productivity solutions. 
Our industry-leading global resources, technical expertise and industry knowledge are delivered locally through 
more than 500 offices in more than 120 countries. Aon was named the world's best broker by Euromoney 
magazine's 2008 Insurance Survey. In 2008, Aon ranked highest on the Business Insurance ranking of the 
world's largest insurance brokers based on commercial retail, wholesale, reinsurance and personal lines 
brokerage revenues. Aon also was ranked by A.M. Best as the number one global insurance brokerage in 2007 
and 2008 based on brokerage revenues, and voted best insurance intermediary, best reinsurance intermediary 
and best employee benefits consulting firm in 2007 and 2008 by the readers of Business Insurance. For more 
information on Aon, log onto http://www.aon.com. 
Safe Harbor Statement 
This press release contains certain statements related to future results, or states our intentions, beliefs and 
expectations or predictions for the future which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the 
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks 
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from either historical or anticipated results 
depending on a variety of factors. Potential factors that could impact results include: general economic conditions 
in different countries in which we do business around the world, changes in global equity and fixed income 
markets that could affect the return on invested assets, fluctuations in exchange and interest rates that could 
influence revenue and expense, rating agency actions that could affect our ability to borrow funds, funding of our

Page 10 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
various pension plans, changes in the competitive environment, our ability to implement restructuring initiatives 
and other initiatives intended to yield cost savings, changes in commercial property and casualty markets and 
commercial premium rates that could impact revenues, the outcome of inquiries from regulators and 
investigations related to compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and non-U.S. anti-corruption 
laws, the impact of investigations brought by U.S. state attorneys general, U.S. state insurance regulators, U.S. 
federal prosecutors, U.S. federal regulators, and regulatory authorities in the U.K. and other countries, the impact 
of class actions and individual lawsuits including client class actions, securities class actions, derivative actions, 
ERISA class actions, the cost of resolution of other contingent liabilities and loss contingencies, our ability to 
integrate Benfield Group Limited successfully and to realize the anticipated benefits of the Benfield acquisition. 
Further information concerning Aon Corporation and its business, including factors that potentially could 
materially affect its financial results, is contained in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Contacts 
Investors 
Scott Malchow 
Vice President, Investor Relations 
T:+1-312-381-3983 
Media 
David Prosperi 
Vice President, Global Public Relations 
T:+1-312-381-2485 
SOURCE Aon Corporation 
200811281306PR_NEWS_USPR_____AQF002.xml 
Document PRN0000020081128e4bs003ml

Page 11 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Aon Corporation Announces Updates On Acquisition Of Benfield Group Limited 
Aon Corporation Announces Updates On Acquisition Of Benfield Group Limited 
142 words 
28 November 2008 
Reuters Significant Developments 
MULTI 
English 
Copyright 2008 Reuters. All Rights Reserved. 
Date Announced: 20081128 
Aon Corporation and Benfield Group Limited announced that, further to the announcement made on November 
19, 2008, the remaining conditions to the acquisition, have been satisfied or waived. The amalgamation became 
effective earlier on November 28, 2008. The last day of trading in Benfield Common Shares was November 27, 
2008, and such shares were cancelled from the official list of the Financial Services Authority with effect from 
November 28, 2008. In accordance with the terms of the Amalgamation Agreement, Benfield Shareholders 
(other than Aon, Bidco, or any other direct or indirect subsidiary of Aon) will receive 350 pence in cash for each 
Benfield Common Share and 280 pence in cash for each Benfield Preference Share, in either case, held at the 
Amalgamation Record Time. 
Significant Development ID Number 1474686 
Document MULTI00020081129e4bs00003

Page 12 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Special Report: Merger regulation - Are EU on the merger trail? 
Special Report: Merger regulation - Are EU on the merger trail? 
808 words 
8 October 2008 
The Review 
TREVW 
51 
English 
© Copyright 2008 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved. 
A consolidation frenzy has taken hold of the troubled global financial services sector in recent weeks. But how 
does the European Commission view mergers across its insurance sector? Greg Dobie reports. 
Since the European Union merger regulation came into force 18 years ago the European Commission has 
reviewed around 180 transactions involving insurance companies, covering life, non-life, reinsurance and 
distribution. 
To date no transaction has been blocked or subject to an in-depth investigation (known as Phase II - see box 
below). The initial Phase I process in which the Commission would review a particular transaction lasts for 25 
working days with the possibility of it being extended for a further 10 days. However, just seven of the proposed 
mergers since 1990 have required what are called remedies before they were effectively rubber-stamped without 
passing into the secondary stage. One of the main reasons why remedies may be required is down to the 
Commission's concerns over market share, according to David Went, a barrister and solicitor-advocate in law firm 
Sidley Austin's London office, where he focuses on EU and UK competition law. 
"As a rule of thumb the Commission would take particular issue with a merger that resulted in a market share of 
40% following the completion of the deal," he says. 
"In this case divestiture of the company is the obvious remedy that the Commission would look for." 
WHAT ABOUT AON/BENFIELD? 
Talking about market share the expected completion of Aon's acquisition of rival broker Benfield by year-end is 
expected to leave it with a dramatically increased hold on the broking sector. Figures vary about just what that will 
represent - estimates range from a combined market share of 30% upwards to 50% in some territories around the 
world. 
However, during the Monte Carlo Rendez-Vous the chairman of Aon Re Global, Michael O'Halleran said that he 
did not see any competition issues from the merger arising in the European markets. 
The reasons for this confidence become clearer when one takes a closer look at the transactions the European 
Commission would review and those that it wouldn't. 
In this instance Chicago-based Aon's global group turnover in 2007 was approximately $7.4bn. Meanwhile, the 
Benfield group's total global turnover in the last complete financial year was £339.2m. Less than EUR250m of 
this revenue was achieved in EU countries. In order for the European Commission to undertake a merger control 
review of the transaction the EU revenue would have to exceed this figure. 
PAST, PRESENT AND FUTURE 
The reasons for the limited number of problematic transactions in the past are numerous. These include the fact 
that the mass insurance and reinsurance markets have generally been fragmented. Then there has been the 
ease of supply substitution which broadens markets, a lack of overlap in cross-border deals given national 
geographic markets and the availability of third-party distribution which facilitates entry. 
However, according to Mr Went, with the advent of Solvency II in 2012 likely to lead to further consolidation there 
may be 'real issues' ahead.

Page 13 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"Previously most mergers have either been done on the basis that it would be complementary to the existing 
portfolio or for geographical reasons. 
"This will not always be the case in the lead-up to Solvency II. Some companies will have to merge because of 
the new requirements and market shares will also increase." 
The European Commission is also expected to become more rigorous in its competition reviews. Mr Went points 
to the recent clearing of the acquisition of the insurance subsidiaries of Austria's Erse Bank by the Vienna 
Insurance Group by the Commission as an example of this. 
The Commission only cleared the transaction in June subject to commitments to divest Bank Austria Creditanstalt 
Versicherung AG (BACAV) in Austria and Unita in Romania. "These divestments address concerns in relation to 
life insurance products for pension and investment purposes in Austria and non-life insurance in Romania, 
particularly motor vehicle insurances (third party liability and collision damage insurance)," it said. 
"The Commission said this represented the first non-life general insurance case under the EU Merger regulation 
to be the subject of remedies," says Mr Went. 
"This is not actually true - there have been a couple of cases in the past - but the fact that it felt the need to say 
this is significant." 
THE BRIEF 
- Limited number of 'problematic' transactions in the past 
- Solvency II however may bring 'real issues' 
- Aon/Benfield not affected 
EU MERGER CONTROL INSURANCE DECISIONS (1990 TO 2008) 
Number of 
Decision decisions 
Phase 1 - no remedies 168 
Phase 1 - with remedies 7 
Phase II - no remedies 0 
Phase II - with remedies 0 
Prohibited 0 
Abandoned 2 
Outside ECMR 5 
Total 182 
Source: Sidley Austin LLP, July 2008 
Document TREVW00020081008e4a80000t

Page 14 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
News - Asia: Aon Acquires Benfield 
News - Asia: Aon Acquires Benfield 
541 words 
1 October 2008 
Asia Insurance Review 
AIR 
English 
(c) 2008 Asia Insurance Review. 
Aon has acquired Benfield for £3.50 (US$6.55) per share in cash and will assume £91 million of Benfield’s net 
debt, representing an enterprise value of approximately £935 million on a fully diluted basis. 
The Benfield business is renowned in the industry for its excellent client service, leading analytics capability and 
record of innovation. Aon believes that as part of Aon Re Global, Benfield can continue to build upon these 
strengths, creating an unparalleled reinsurance franchise with global reach, diverse product capability and 
world-class colleagues to effectively serve clients’ evolving needs. Aon intends to integrate the Benfield business 
with its existing reinsurance operations (Aon Re Global) and operate the division globally under the newly created 
AonBenfield Re brand. 
Mr Greg Case, President and Chief Executive Officer of Aon Corporation, said this agreement reflects the 
company’s ongoing efforts to ensure that Aon’s colleagues, capabilities and technology remain at the forefront of 
the industry and that it provides the best value for its clients. 
He added that over the past several years, the company has made significant progress in strengthening Aon’s 
operational platform and global network, becoming a more client-focused organisation with a broader portfolio of 
innovative products and services. With AonBenfield Re, it will build on this progress to further enhance organic 
growth, expand margins, and drive shareholder value. 
As Aon and Benfield share a common focus on excellence in client service, both recognise the importance of 
being the destination of choice for the best talent in the industry. Therefore, the strong cultural fit between the 
firms will enable them to quickly realise the benefits of this transaction, and the value added for its clients and 
shareholders in a seamless fashion, he said. 
Benefits of the Transaction Aon and Benfield’s reinsurance operations are highly complementary. Through the 
transaction, Benfield will add significantly to capabilities in: 
• Developing markets around the world that both firms have targeted for growth, including Asia, Central and 
Eastern Europe, Africa and Latin America. Benfield’s reputation for its long-standing client relationships in Japan 
and other Asian markets, in particular, is extremely strong. 
• Global analytics, modelling and client-facing technology have enabled Benfield to differentiate itself in the 
marketplace as demonstrated by its achievement of significant market share, as well as the receipt of numerous 
industry awards including 12 awards received in 2007 and 2008 alone. 
• The US Florida and South East property-catastrophe markets, where Benfield’s pioneering ReMetrics capability 
together with its long-standing market experience, deliver to clients a uniquely attractive risk analysis proposition. 
• Key major accounts. On a pro forma basis, AonBenfield Re will serve the majority of insurance and reinsurance 
carriers globally. Aon expects the new and expanded client relationships afforded by the combination to support 
continued growth. 
• Cost savings and operational efficiencies. The transaction is expected to generate approximately £65 million 
(US$122 million) in annual cost savings fully phased-in in 2011, primarily from shared administrative and support 
services across both Aon Re Global and Benfield. 
• Strong operating cashflows. Aon expects strong operating cashflows following the transaction to continue to 
support the company’s capital allocation priorities including, among others, its share repurchase programme. 
Document AIR0000020081016e4a10000o

Page 15 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Aon Corporation ; Aon to Acquire Benfield Group Limited 
Aon Corporation; Aon to Acquire Benfield Group Limited 
585 words 
2 September 2008 
Science Letter 
SCLT 
3615 
English 
(c) Copyright 2008 Science Letter via NewsRx.com 
2008 SEP 2 - (NewsRx.com) -- Aon Corporation (NYSE:AOC) and Benfield Group Limited announced that the 
boards of directors of both companies have unanimously approved a definitive agreement under which Aon will 
acquire Benfield for 3.50 pounds Sterling ($6.55) per share in cash and assume 91 million pounds ($170 million) 
of Benfield net debt, representing an enterprise value of approximately 935 million pounds ($1.75 billion) on a 
fully diluted basis. The consideration represents a 29 percent premium to Benfield's closing stock price on 
August 21, 2008, the last trading day prior to the announcement of the agreement. 
Benfield is a leading independent reinsurance intermediary in terms of reputation and standing. The Benfield 
business is renowned in the industry for its excellent client service, leading analytics capability and record of 
innovation. Aon believes that, as part of Aon Re Global, Benfield can continue to build upon these strengths, 
creating an unparalleled reinsurance franchise with global reach, diverse product capability and world class 
colleagues to effectively serve clients' evolving needs. Following the close of the transaction, Aon intends to 
integrate the Benfield business with its existing reinsurance operations (Aon Re Global) and operate the division 
globally under the newly created AonBenfield Re brand. 
"This agreement reflects our ongoing efforts to ensure that Aon's colleagues, capabilities and technology remain 
at the forefront of our industry and that we provide the best value for our clients," said Greg Case, president and 
chief executive officer of Aon Corporation. "Over the past several years, we have made significant progress in 
strengthening Aon's operational platform and global network, becoming a more client-focused organization with a 
broader portfolio of innovative products and services. With AonBenfield Re, we will build on this progress to 
further enhance organic growth, expand margins, and drive shareholder value." 
Mr. Case continued, "Aon and Benfield share a common focus on excellence in client service, and both 
recognize the importance of being the destination of choice for the best talent in our industry. The strong cultural 
fit between our firms will enable us to quickly realize the benefits of this transaction, and the value added for our 
clients and shareholders, in a seamless fashion following the close of our transaction." 
Grahame Chilton, chief executive officer of Benfield, commented, "We are excited by this unique opportunity to 
create a powerful global franchise capable of expanding and redefining innovative reinsurance and capital market 
solutions. At the same time, the Benfield board believes that the offer provides Benfield's shareholders with fair 
and certain value. We look forward to joining the Aon team and working with them as AonBenfield Re to expand 
our joint expertise and local reach to customers around the world." 
"I have significant respect and admiration for the Benfield organization," noted Michael O'Halleran, executive 
chairman of Aon Re Global. "I look forward to working with Grahame, Andrew and our colleagues and team 
members as we combine the strengths of our two organizations into the leading reinsurance and capital 
management advisor in the world." 
Andrew Appel, chief executive officer of Aon Re Global, added, "The combination of our two firms will create an 
unparalleled set of capabilities to deliver distinctive client value, drive innovation in analytics and capital 
management, and enhance the value proposition for colleagues and team members in both businesses." 
This article was prepared by Science Letter editors from staff and other reports. Copyright 2008, Science Letter 
via NewsRx.com. 
Document SCLT000020080829e492003n9

Page 16 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
News Analysis: Broker takeover - Benfield relents to Aon approach. 
News Analysis: Broker takeover - Benfield relents to Aon approach. 
1,129 words 
28 August 2008 
Post Magazine 
POSTM 
8
English 
(c) 2008 Post Magazine. All rights reserved. 
Following the acquisition of Benfield by Aon, Mairi MacDonald speaks to the men at the heart of the negotiations 
about the £844m deal. 
Years of speculation came to an end in the early hours of Friday when Aon's offer for UK-based reinsurance 
broking rival Benfield was accepted. 
In a joint statement on Friday, the companies said an £844m deal had been agreed by the management of both 
firms, and it is expected to close by the end of the year. 
This valued Benfield's shares at 350 pence, and represented a 29% premium to Benfield's closing stock price 
on 21 August, the last trading day prior to the agreement. As Post went to press on Tuesday Benfield's shares 
were trading at 344.75 pence. 
Benfield and Aon Re Global will be integrated by the end of the year to form AonBenfield Re with headquarters 
in Chicago and "significant operations" in London and New York. 
Aon senior staffers Michael O'Halleran and Andrew Appel will serve as executive chairman and chief executive 
officer, respectively, of AonBenfield Re. Mr Appel will continue to serve as chairman of Aon Consulting 
Worldwide. 
Chief executive officer of Benfield, Grahame Chilton, will become vice-chairman of Aon Group, remaining in 
London. 
Mr Chilton said Aon would increase its global reach throughout developing regions including Asia, eastern Europe 
and Latin America, through its tie up with Benfield. 
Aon chief executive officer Greg Case added the newly named AonBenfield Re will serve the majority of the 
insurance and reinsurance carriers globally. 
Mr Appel confirmed the transaction for Aon to buy Benfield was agreed in the last month. But he added: "This is 
the result of conversations between the two firms over a number of years, although I don't think they have all 
related to this particular outcome." 
In September 2007, Goldman Sachs studied a £700m bid for Benfield but talks collapsed and Aon came back 
into the frame. 
Mr Appel added: "Eighteen months ago there were rumours about such a deal, but they didn't get beyond the 
conversation stage. Then from time to time, there was more dialogue but this specific transaction has been done 
in the last two to four weeks." 
He insisted all of Benfield's directors would be retained but specific job titles and positions would only be made 
known in the next few weeks. 
However, Mr Appel confirmed Benfield chairman John Coldman would adopt a senior role, "to support us in 
bringing our two firms together and continuing to serve clients". "We want to finalise things quickly because the 
talent of the firms is what will make the organisation special," he said. 
Mr Appel added the deal was forged on the back of favourable market conditions, commenting: "The timing is a 
function of where we are in the market; everyone is looking to grow their business. It's a typical slower cycle in the 
intermediary business and the whole insurance industry. We are in a soft market in many services and people are 
looking for growth and for ways to serve clients. That's what triggered the timing and it has also given us more 
time to think about it."

Page 17 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Mr Appel said Aon targeted Benfield because of the "extraordinary" combination of the two firms. "It's fair to say 
no two firms that together form what we've built would even come close," he continued. 
"We brought over a team from Gallagher two or three months ago that helped us build significant capacity." 
The joint announcement of the deal made no mention of Benfield Corporate Risk - its primary broking arm 
launched in 2005 - which recorded a loss of £17.2m in 2007. This had led to speculation it could be sold or 
subject to a management buyout. 
However, Mr Appel said the division had a future within Aon as it "fits naturally into some areas we have been 
investing in". 
He added: "The intention would be to create a joint business with BCR and similar areas in our markets, just as 
the intention is to take Aon Re Global and Benfield, put them together and build a great firm. I don't think there is 
any difference in mindset." 
Referring to the reported bid for Benfield by Goldman Sachs last year, Mr Appel said it made better sense for 
Aon to buy Benfield. 
"For a company like ours, there's a synergistic opportunity both in growth and in overlap that a private equity firm 
wouldn't have. They would use a lot of debt, so you know they are basically taking a lot more capital risk," said Mr 
Appel. 
Referring to the £65m in annual cost savings by 2012, he commented: "We see a massive amount in common 
between the businesses and most of all the culture and ethics. There are going to be natural overlaps with a few 
clients and support areas. We'll be looking carefully at the business and moving to take advantage of these over 
the next two years." 
Insurance analysts have responded well to the deal, with Keefe, Bruyette and Woods commenting: "From both 
strategic and economic perspectives, we view the deal as positive for Aon. While the developing headwinds of a 
soft market make the outlook weak, Aon is making a strong addition to its franchise." 
Other analysts hinted that more deals are expected to take place between some of the major international brokers 
in the wake of the takeover, with Jardine Lloyd Thompson's name mentioned. 
Eamonn Flanagan, of Shore Capital Stockbrokers, noted: "While we do not believe that Jardine Matheson is in a 
rush to sell out, the price paid for Benfield clearly demonstrates the value of distribution in the worldwide 
insurance market. A price of circa 500p for JLT would still leave it trading at only circa 17x, a discount to Benfield 
- we reiterate our buy recommendation on JLT." 
BENFIELD, A POTTED HISTORY 
January 1973: Benfield, Lovick and Rees and Company is established and becomes registered as a Lloyd's 
broker in July of that year 
September 1988: A team including the late Matthew Harding, John Coldman and Grahame Chilton leads a 
management buyout of Benfield, Lovick and Rees to form The Benfield Group 
November 1995: The Benfield Group acquires Lloyd's reinsurance broker Ellinger Heath Western, creating 
Benfield Ellinger 
November 1997: Benfield Ellinger merges with Greig Fester to form the Benfield Greig Group 
May 2001: Benfield Greig merges with EW Blanch to form the world's leading independent reinsurance 
intermediary - the Benfield Group 
April 2003: The group creates a single brand identity, represented by the name Benfield 
June 2003: Benfield lists on the London Stock Exchange 
September 2005: Formal launch of Benfield Corporate Risk. 
Document POSTM00020080828e48s0000u

Page 18 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Aon to buy Benfield for $1.56 billion 
Aon to buy Benfield for $1.56 billion 
By Vladimir Guevarra 
469 words 
25 August 2008 
The Wall Street Journal Europe 
WSJE 
19 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2008, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
LONDON -- Aon Corp. said it agreed to acquire U.K. reinsurance broker Benfield Group Ltd. for GBP 844 million 
($1.56 billion) in a move to boost the global reach of its reinsurance operations. 
The offer of 350 pence a share represented a 29% premium to Benfield's closing share price of 271 pence on 
Thursday. Aon is also taking on GBP 91 million of Benfield's debt. 
The Friday announcement sent Benfield's shares soaring. The stock was up 79 pence, or 29%, at 350 pence, the 
biggest gainer in London's FTSE 250 index. Aon shares rose $1.22, or 2.6%, to $47.92 in 4 p.m. New York Stock 
Exchange composite trading. 
Aon, of Chicago, said Benfield will be integrated into its reinsurance business, Aon Re Global, and will operate 
under the newly created AonBenfield Re brand. It said Benfield will help create a "reinsurance franchise with 
global reach" and diverse products. 
The deal marks a major consolidation in the reinsurance broking market, where intermediaries arrange cover for 
insurers for risks that are too big to keep on their own balance sheets. 
"Over the past several years, we have made significant progress in strengthening Aon's operational platform and 
global network," said Greg Case, Aon's president and chief executive. "With AonBenfield Re, we will build on this 
progress to further enhance organic growth, expand margins, and drive shareholder value," he said. 
Aon has received commitments from holders of 25.4% of Benfield's shares. The company plans to fund the 
transaction through cash on hand. 
Benfield Chief Executive Grahame Chilton said his company's board believes Aon's offer provides Benfield 
shareholders with "fair and certain value." 
Aon and Benfield both have large operations in London, but Messrs. Case and Chilton said the combined size of 
their business in London, one of the world's biggest financial centers, was one of the attractions of the deal and 
they want to expand there, not contract. 
The transaction is the latest in a round of consolidation in the sector. In June, U.K.-based Willis Group Holdings 
Ltd. agreed to buy Hilb Rogal &Hobbs Co. of the U.S. for $1.67 billion. 
Aon Chief Financial Officer Christa Davies said in an interview that the deal is expected to boost earnings per 
share, adding 0.4% in 2009, 5% in 2010 and 7.1% in 2011, excluding special charges. 
The two companies said the deal is expected to result in annual savings of GBP 65 million when it is "fully 
phased-in" in 2011. The savings, they said, will come from shared administrative and support services across 
both Aon Re Global and Benfields. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document WSJE000020080825e48p0000d

Page 19 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Aon to Acquire Benfield
Aon to Acquire Benfield 
360 words 
25 August 2008 
RP Newsline 
RPOEN 
English 
Copyright. 2008 Russian Polis Information Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved. 
Aon Corporation and Benfield Group Limited announced August 22 that the boards of directors of both 
companies have unanimously approved a definitive agreement under which Aon will acquire Benfield. Aon will 
purchase Benfield’s shares for GBP3.50 (US$6.55) per share in cash as well as assume GBP91 million (US$170 
million) of Benfield’s net debt, representing an enterprise value of approximately GBP935 million (US$1.75 
billion). 
Intending to fund the transaction through cash on hand, Aon expects the transaction to be completed by the end 
of 2008 as it is yet subject to customary closing conditions, regulatory approvals, and approval by Benfield 
shareholders. Aon has received commitments from Benfield shareholders representing approximately 25.4% of 
Benfield’s outstanding shares to vote in favour of the transaction. 
Following the close of the transaction, Aon intends to integrate the Benfield business with its existing reinsurance 
operations (Aon Re Global) and operate the division globally under the newly created AonBenfield Re brand. 
Grahame Chilton, CEO of Benfield, will serve as vice chairman of Aon Group, upon the transaction’s close, and 
will report to Greg Case, CEO of Aon Corporation. Chilton will join the Aon Corporation executive committee and 
the AonBenfield Re executive committee. 
Michael O’Halleran, executive chairman of Aon Re Global, and Andrew Appel, CEO of Aon Re Global, will serve, 
respectively, as executive chairman and CEO of AonBenfield Re. Appel will also continue to serve as chairman 
of Aon Consulting Worldwide. 
Aon Corporation provides risk management services, insurance and reinsurance brokerage, human capital and 
management consulting in 120 countries worldwide. In the first half of 2008 the group generated revenues of 
US$3.912 billion. 
Benfield is the world's leading specialist reinsurance and risk intermediary. Headquartered in London and 
incorporated in Bermuda, Benfield has an international network with more than 45 offices and is present in major 
insurance and reinsurance markets including the US, the UK, Continental Europe, Bermuda, and Asia. In 
January-June 2008 Benfield generated revenues of GBP233 million. /RP Newsline 
Exchange rate as of August 22, 2008: 
EUR1=GBP0.79 
Source: Bank of England 
Document RPOEN00020080826e48p0000p

Page 20 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Aon of US agrees to buy Benfield for GBP844m cash 
COMPANIES - UK 
Aon of US agrees to buy Benfield for GBP844m cash 
Hughes, Chris Hughes, Jennifer 
416 words 
23 August 2008 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
London Ed2 
14 
English 
(c) 2008 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
Benfield has agreed to an £844m all-cash takeover by Aon of the US in a move set to create the world's largest 
reinsurance broker. 
The London-listed reinsurance group has long been the subject of takeover speculation, with Aon and Guy 
Carpenter, part of Marsh &McLennan, tipped as the most likely buyers. 
Yesterday's agreement follows the proposed $2.1bn (£1.05bn) purchase of Hilb Rogal &Hobbs, another 
reinsurance broker, by New York-based Willis Group last month. 
Shares in Benfield traded as high as 358p yesterday, against Aon's 350p-a-share offer price, but closed up 
741/2p at 3451/2p as expectations of a counterbid receded. Aon's offer is pitched at a 29 per cent premium to 
Benfield's closing price on Thursday and a 40 per cent premium to its average share price over the past 30 days. 
One catalyst for Aon's approach had been an expectation that Benfield might be about to receive a bid from 
elsewhere, according to a person familiar with the transaction. 
Grahame Chilton, Benfield's chief executive, had previously bat ted away interest in the company, describing 
suitors as having "champagne tastes and beer money". 
"I don't think we're champagne but this is a very nice fine wine for Benfield shareholders," he said yesterday. 
Investors holding 25.4 per cent of Benfield have already agreed to sell to Aon and the deal is subject to a 1 per 
cent break fee. 
Completion is slated for year-end. 
Analysts described the price as "fair" and said the certainty of the all-cash offer was likely to appeal in the current 
environment. 
Aon said the tie-up would help it progress in property catastrophe markets in hurricane- afflicted regions through 
Benfield's ReMetrics unit, which specialises in quantitative risk modelling. 
"Aon has more casualty business in the US, and Benfield more property catastrophe work, and we see a 
tremendous opportunity when we put the two together," said Greg Case, Aon's chief executive. 
Mr Chilton said the combined reinsurance business, to be renamed Aon Benfield Re, would benefit from its 
advisory analytical services at time when reinsurance premiums were falling. 
"Irrespective of how pricing moves around, our clients are living in a riskier world and they want more service," he 
said. 
The deal will give Aon greater presence in Asia. 
ftnewspaper_20080823.xml|20080823L214.975 
Document FTFT000020080823e48n0003g

Page 21 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Aon to Acquire Benfield Group Limited 
Aon to Acquire Benfield Group Limited 
2,076 words 
22 August 2008 
05:41 
PR Newswire Europe 
TWOTEN 
English 
Copyright © 2008 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
CHICAGO and LONDON, August 22 /PRNewswire/ -- 
- Transaction Creates Premier Reinsurance Franchise with Global Reach, Diverse Product Capability and World 
Class Colleagues to Serve Clients' Evolving Needs 
Aon Corporation (NYSE: AOC) and Benfield Group Limited (LSE: BFD) announced today that the boards of 
directors of both companies have unanimously approved a definitive agreement under which Aon will acquire 
Benfield for 3.50 pounds Sterling (US$6.55) per share in cash and assume 91 million pounds (US$170 million) of 
Benfield net debt, representing an enterprise value of approximately 935 million pounds (US$1.75 billion) on a 
fully diluted basis. The consideration represents a 29 percent premium to Benfield's closing stock price on 
August 21, 2008, the last trading day prior to the announcement of the agreement. 
Benfield is a leading independent reinsurance intermediary in terms of reputation and standing. The Benfield 
business is renowned in the industry for its excellent client service, leading analytics capability and record of 
innovation. Aon believes that, as part of Aon Re Global, Benfield can continue to build upon these strengths, 
creating an unparalleled reinsurance franchise with global reach, diverse product capability and world class 
colleagues to effectively serve clients' evolving needs. Following the close of the transaction, Aon intends to 
integrate the Benfield business with its existing reinsurance operations (Aon Re Global) and operate the division 
globally under the newly created AonBenfield Re brand. 
"This agreement reflects our ongoing efforts to ensure that Aon's colleagues, capabilities and technology remain 
at the forefront of our industry and that we provide the best value for our clients," said Greg Case, president and 
chief executive officer of Aon Corporation. "Over the past several years, we have made significant progress in 
strengthening Aon's operational platform and global network, becoming a more client-focused organization with a 
broader portfolio of innovative products and services. With AonBenfield Re, we will build on this progress to 
further enhance organic growth, expand margins, and drive shareholder value." 
Mr. Case continued, "Aon and Benfield share a common focus on excellence in client service, and both 
recognize the importance of being the destination of choice for the best talent in our industry. The strong cultural 
fit between our firms will enable us to quickly realize the benefits of this transaction, and the value added for our 
clients and shareholders, in a seamless fashion following the close of our transaction." 
Grahame Chilton, chief executive officer of Benfield, commented, "We are excited by this unique opportunity to 
create a powerful global franchise capable of expanding and redefining innovative reinsurance and capital market 
solutions. At the same time, the Benfield board believes that the offer provides Benfield's shareholders with fair 
and certain value. We look forward to joining the Aon team and working with them as AonBenfield Re to expand 
our joint expertise and local reach to customers around the world." 
"I have significant respect and admiration for the Benfield organization," noted Michael O'Halleran, executive 
chairman of Aon Re Global. "I look forward to working with Grahame, Andrew and our colleagues and team 
members as we combine the strengths of our two organizations into the leading reinsurance and capital 
management advisor in the world." 
Andrew Appel, chief executive officer of Aon Re Global, added, "The combination of our two firms will create an 
unparalleled set of capabilities to deliver distinctive client value, drive innovation in analytics and capital 
management, and enhance the value proposition for colleagues and team members in both businesses." 
Benefits of the Transaction 
Aon's and Benfield's reinsurance operations are highly complementary. Through the transaction, Benfield will 
add significantly to capabilities in:

Page 22 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
-- Developing markets around the world that both firms have targeted for growth, including Asia, Central and 
Eastern Europe, Africa and Latin America. Benfield's reputation for its long-standing client relationships in Japan 
and other Asian markets, in particular, is extremely strong; 
-- Global analytics, modelling and client facing technology, which have enabled Benfield to differentiate itself in 
the marketplace, as demonstrated by its achievement of significant market share as well as the receipt of 
numerous industry awards, including 12 awards received in 2007 and 2008 alone; 
-- The U.S. Florida and South East property-catastrophe markets, where Benfield's pioneering ReMetrics 
capability, together with its long-standing market experience, deliver to clients a uniquely attractive risk analysis 
proposition; 
-- Key major accounts. On a pro forma basis, AonBenfield Re will serve the majority of insurance and 
reinsurance carriers globally. Aon expects the new and expanded client relationships afforded by the combination 
to support continued growth; 
-- Cost savings and operational efficiencies. The transaction is expected to generate approximately 65 million 
pounds (US$122 million) in annual cost savings fully phased-in in 2011, primarily from shared administrative and 
support services across both Aon Re Global and Benfield; 
-- Strong operating cash flows. Aon expects strong operating cash flows following the transaction to continue to 
support the Company's capital allocation priorities including, among others, its share repurchase program. As of 
August 7, 2008, Aon has repurchased 89.8 million of its shares for US$3.7 billion and had approximately US$900 
million remaining under its share repurchase authorization. Aon plans to complete the remaining share buyback 
by year-end 2009. 
The return on invested capital (ROIC) on the acquisition is 13.8 percent compared to 12 percent on the share 
repurchase program. 
Transaction Summary 
The transaction is expected to close by the end of 2008, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory 
approvals as well as approval by Benfield shareholders. Aon has received commitments from Benfield 
shareholders representing approximately 25.4 percent of Benfield's outstanding shares to vote their shares in 
favor of the transaction. 
Aon intends to fund the transaction through cash on hand. The transaction is not subject to a financing 
contingency. 
Aon expects the acquisition to be accretive to earnings per share in the first year after closing, excluding one-time 
items, and meaningfully accretive thereafter. 
Following the close of the transaction, Grahame Chilton, chief executive officer of Benfield, will serve as vice 
chairman of Aon Group, reporting to Greg Case, chief executive officer, Aon Corporation. Mr. Chilton will join the 
Aon Corporation executive committee and the AonBenfield Re executive committee. Michael O'Halleran and 
Andrew Appel will serve as executive chairman and chief executive officer, respectively, of AonBenfield Re. Mr. 
Appel will continue to serve as chairman, Aon Consulting Worldwide. 
Exchange Rate 
GBP/USD: 1.87. 
Advisors 
Credit Suisse acted as financial advisor to Aon, and Clifford Chance LLP is serving as legal counsel. Merrill Lynch 
acted as financial advisor to Benfield, and Debevoise & Plimpton LLP is serving as legal counsel. 
Newswire Conference Call 
Aon and Benfield will host a conference call for newswires today, Friday, August 22, 2008, at 8:15 a.m. (London), 
3:15 a.m. (New York), 2:15 a.m. (Chicago). Journalists can join the conference call by dialing +08452450224 
(within the UK) or +44-(0)-1452542309 (outside of the UK), passcode 151159 followed by #. 
Analyst and Investor Conference Call and Webcast Details

Page 23 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Aon and Benfield will host a conference call today, Friday, August 22, 2008, at 8:30 a.m. (New York), 7:30 a.m. 
(Chicago), 1:30 p.m. (London). Interested parties can listen to the conference call by dialing +1-888-423-3275 
(within the U.S.) or +1-612-332-0820 (outside of the U.S), or via a live audio webcast at www.aon.com and 
www.benfieldgroup.com. 
Presentation slides that provide an overview of the transaction will be made available at both www.aon.com and 
www.benfieldgroup.com approximately one hour prior to the start of the conference call. 
A replay of the conference call will be available through September 5, 2008, and can be accessed by dialing 
+1-800-475-6701 (within the U.S.) or +1-320-365-3844 (outside of the U.S.), access code: 958397. The replay 
will also be available at www.aon.com and www.benfieldgroup.com. 
About Benfield 
Benfield is the world's leading specialist reinsurance and risk intermediary. Its customers include many of the 
world's major insurance and reinsurance companies as well as government entities and global corporations. 
Benfield operates from more than 50 locations worldwide. Benfield is listed on the London Stock Exchange 
under the ticker symbol BFD. For more information on Benfield, please log onto http://www.benfieldgroup.com. 
About Aon 
Aon Corporation is the leading global provider of risk management services, insurance and reinsurance 
brokerage, human capital and management consulting. Through its 36,000 colleagues worldwide, Aon readily 
delivers distinctive client value via innovative and effective risk management and workforce productivity solutions. 
Our industry-leading global resources, technical expertise and industry knowledge are delivered locally through 
more than 500 offices in more than 120 countries. Aon was named the world's best broker by Euromoney 
magazine's 2008 Insurance Survey. In 2008, Aon ranked highest on the Business Insurance ranking of the 
world's largest insurance brokers based on commercial retail, wholesale, reinsurance and personal lines 
brokerage revenues. Aon also was ranked by A.M. Best as the number one global insurance brokerage in 2007 
and 2008 based on brokerage revenues, and voted best insurance intermediary, best reinsurance intermediary, 
and best employee benefits consulting firm in 2007 and 2008 by the readers of Business Insurance. For more 
information on Aon, log onto http://www.aon.com. 
Safe Harbor Statement 
This press release contains certain statements related to future results, or states our intentions, beliefs and 
expectations or predictions for the future which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the 
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks 
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from either historical or anticipated results 
depending on a variety of factors. Potential factors that could impact results include: general economic conditions 
in different countries in which we do business around the world, changes in global equity and fixed income 
markets that could affect the return on invested assets, fluctuations in exchange and interest rates that could 
influence revenue and expense, rating agency actions that could affect our ability to borrow funds, funding of our 
various pension plans, changes in the competitive environment, our ability to implement restructuring initiatives 
and other initiatives intended to yield cost savings, changes in commercial property and casualty markets and 
commercial premium rates that could impact revenues, the outcome of inquiries from regulators and 
investigations related to compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and non-U.S. anti-corruption 
laws, the impact of investigations brought by U.S. state attorneys general, U.S. state insurance regulators, U.S. 
federal prosecutors, U.S. federal regulators, and regulatory authorities in the U.K. and other countries, the impact 
of class actions and individual lawsuits including client class actions, securities class actions, derivative actions, 
ERISA class actions, and the cost of resolution of other contingent liabilities and loss contingencies. Further 
information concerning the Company and its business, including factors that potentially could materially affect the 
Company's financial results, is contained in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Contacts: 
Aon CorporationBenfield Group Limited 
Investors Analysts & Investors 
Scott Malchow Julianne Jessup 
Vice President, Investor Relations T: +44-(0)-20-7578-7425 
T: +1-312-381-3983

Page 24 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Rob Bailhache 
Media Financial Dynamics 
David Prosperi T: +44-(0)-20-7269-7200 
Vice President, Global Public Relations 
T: +1-312-381-2485 Media 
David Bogg 
T: +44-(0)-20-7522-4016 
David Haggie 
Haggie Financial 
T: +44-(0)-20-7417-8989 
Web site: http://www.aon.comhttp://www.benfieldgroup.com 
Aon Corporation 
2014175.xml 
Document TWOTEN0020080822e48m0002t

Page 25 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Aon to acquire Benfield
Aon to acquire Benfield 
239 words 
22 August 2008 
eSource Canada Business News Network 
SCBN 
English 
Copyright 2008 Business Information Group. All Rights Reserved. 
Aon Corporation has announced it will acquire Benfield Group Limited. 
Under the agreement, Aon will acquire Benfield for £3.50 (Cdn$6.79) per share in cash and assume £91 million 
(Cdn$176.43 million) of Benfield net debt, representing an enterprise value of approximately £935 million 
(Cdn$1.81 billion) on a fully diluted basis, the company notes in a release. 
Aon intends to integrate the Benfield business with its existing reinsurance operations and operate the division 
globally under the newly created AonBenfield brand, upon the transaction's closing. 
The transaction is expected to generate approximately £65 million (Cdn$126 million) in annual cost savings fully 
phased-in in 2011, an Aon release says. The savings will come primarily from shared administrative and support 
services across both Aon Re Global and Benfield, it adds. 
"This agreement reflects our ongoing efforts to ensure that Aon's colleagues, capabilities and technology remain 
at the forefront of our industry and that we provide the best value for our clients," Greg Case, president and CEO 
of Aon Corporation, said in the release. "Over the past several years, we have made significant progress in 
strengthening Aon's operational platform and global network, becoming a more client-focused organization with a 
broader portfolio of innovative products and services. With AonBenfield Re, we will build on this progress to 
further enhance organic growth, expand margins, and drive shareholder value." 
Document SCBN000020080822e48m000gs

Page 26 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Aon Corporation Recommended Cash Acquisition of Benfield Group Ltd 
Aon Corporation Recommended Cash Acquisition of Benfield Group Ltd 
15,092 words 
22 August 2008 
02:47 
Regulatory News Service 
RNS 
English 
(c) 2008 
TIDMBFD 
RNS Number : 8663B 
Aon Corporation 
22 August 2008 
?
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN, INTO OR 
FROM ANY RESTRICTED JURISDICTION 
22 August 2008 
Recommended Cash Acquisition of Benfield Group Limited 
Summary 
* The boards of Aon Corporation and Benfield Group Limited ("Benfield" or the 
"Company") are pleased to announce that they have reached agreement on the terms 
of a recommended cash acquisition of Benfield by Bidco, a to be incorporated 
wholly owned subsidiary of Aon, (the "Acquisition"). It is intended that the 
Acquisition will be implemented by way of an Amalgamation under the Bermuda 
Companies Act. 
* The Acquisition price of 350 pence per Benfield Share values Benfield's 
existing 
issued share capital at approximately GBP738 million and the entire issued and 
to be issued share capital of Benfield at approximately GBP844 million. The 
consideration will be financed from Aon's existing cash resources. 
* The Acquisition price of 350 pence per Benfield Share represents a premium of 
approximately: 
* 
* 29.2 per cent. to the Closing Price of 271 pence per Benfield Share on 21 
August 
2008, being the last Business Day prior to the date of this announcement; and 
* 40.1 per cent. to the average Closing Price of approximately 250 pence per 
Benfield Share for the 30 trading days ended 21 August 2008. 
* The combination of Benfield, a leading independent reinsurance intermediary, 
with Aon's existing reinsurance operations will create a truly global, diverse 
reinsurance franchise. The Acquisition is expected to enhance Aon's capabilities 
in the significant Florida and South East US property-catastrophe markets as 
well as in the rapidly growing Asia-Pacific and Latin American regions. In 
addition, the combination offers the opportunity to capitalise on the 
significant investment both businesses have made in risk modelling and analytics 
to create a global market leading capability in this key area. 
* Aon believes there to be a strong cultural affinity between Aon and Benfield. 
Both focus on excellence of client service and both continue to attract the 
highest calibre of employees. Aon believes it can build upon these strengths to 
further develop the combined business' growth potential. It would be Aon's

Page 27 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
intention that Benfield and the existing reinsurance operations of Aon would be 
fully integrated and jointly branded AonBenfield Re. 
* The directors of Benfield, who have been so advised by Merrill Lynch, consider 
the terms of the Acquisition to be fair and reasonable. In providing its advice, 
Merrill Lynch has taken into account the commercial assessments of the directors 
of Benfield. Accordingly, the directors of Benfield intend unanimously to 
recommend that Benfield Shareholders vote to approve the Acquisition at the 
Special General Meeting (or, in the event that the Acquisition is implemented by 
way of a takeover offer, to accept or procure acceptance of such offer) as 
certain of the directors of Benfield have irrevocably undertaken to do in 
respect of their own beneficial shareholdings of 38,324,439 Benfield Shares 
(and, where applicable, of their connected persons), in aggregate representing 
approximately 18.2 per cent. of Benfield's entire existing issued share capital. 
These remain binding in the event of a competing offer being made for Benfield. 
* Bidco has also received irrevocable undertakings to approve the Acquisition at 
the Special General Meeting from Benfield Shareholders in respect of 15,239,489 
Benfield Shares, in aggregate representing a further 7.2 per cent. of Benfield's 
entire existing issued share capital. These remain binding in the event of a 
competing offer being made for Benfield. 
* Accordingly, Bidco has received, in aggregate, irrevocable undertakings to 
approve the Acquisition at the Special General Meeting from Benfield 
Shareholders in respect of 53,563,928 Benfield Shares, representing 
approximately 25.4 per cent. of Benfield's entire existing issued share capital. 
Further details of these irrevocable undertakings are set out in Appendix 3 to 
this announcement. 
* A Shareholder Circular, setting out the details of the Acquisition and the 
procedures to be followed to approve the Acquisition, will be posted to Benfield 
Shareholders shortly. The Acquisition is expected to become effective by 31 
December 2008. 
* The Acquisition will be subject to the Conditions, including the approval of 
the
Amalgamation Agreement by Benfield Shareholders at the Special General Meeting, 
approval of the change of control contemplated by the Acquisition by relevant 
regulatory authorities and anti-trust clearance in the US. 
Commenting on the Acquisition, Greg Case, CEO of Aon, said: 
"The new AonBenfield Re division will build on our recent progress to further 
enhance organic growth, expand margins, and drive shareholder value. Aon and 
Benfield share a common focus on excellence in client service, and both 
recognise the importance of being the destination of choice for the best talent 
in our industry. The strong cultural fit between our firms will enable us to 
quickly realise the benefits of this transaction, and the value added for our 
clients and shareholders, in a seamless fashion following the close of our 
transaction." 
Commenting on the Acquisition, Grahame Chilton, CEO of Benfield, said: 
"The Benfield Board believes that the Acquisition provides an excellent outcome 
for our shareholders, customers and employees. The Benfield business has 
achieved great success as the leading independent reinsurance intermediary and I 
look forward to this success continuing as part of the Aon Group." 
"The combination of the two businesses will give Benfield access to substantial 
further investment and resources, enabling us to continue the innovation and

Page 28 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
creativity which has underpinned our success." 
Commenting on the Acquisition, Andrew Appel, CEO of Aon Re, said: 
"The combination of our two firms will create an unparalleled set of 
capabilities to deliver distinctive client value, drive innovation in analytics 
and capital management, and enhance the value proposition for colleagues and 
team members in both businesses." 
Commenting on the Acquisition, Michael O'Halleran, Executive Chairman of Aon he 
said: 
"I have significant respect and admiration for the Benfield organisation. I look 
forward to working with Grahame, Andrew and our colleagues and team members as 
we combine the strengths of our two organisations into the leading reinsurance 
and capital management advisor in the world." 
This summary should be read in conjunction with the full text of the following 
announcement and the Appendices. 
Merrill Lynch is acting as financial adviser and corporate broker to Benfield. 
Credit Suisse is acting as financial adviser to Aon. 
The Acquisition will be subject to the conditions set out in Appendix 1 to the 
full announcement and to the further terms and conditions to be set out in the 
Shareholder Circular. Appendix 2 to the full announcement contains bases and 
sources of certain information contained in the announcement. Details of 
irrevocable undertakings received by Aon are set out in Appendix 3 to the full 
announcement. Certain definitions and terms used in this announcement are set 
out in Appendix 4. 
Terms used in this summary shall have the meaning given to them in the full 
announcement. 
+---------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+ 
| Enquiries: | | 
+---------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+ 
| Bidco and Aon Corporation | Tel: +1 312 381 3983 | 
| Scott Malchow (Vice President, Investor | Tel: +1 312 381 2485 | 
| Relations) | | 
| David Prosperi (Vice President, Global Public | | 
| Relations) | | 
+---------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+ 
| Credit Suisse (financial adviser to Bidco and Aon | Tel: +44 (0)20 7888 | 
| Corporation) | 8888 | 
| Robert Murley | | 
| Stuart Upcraft | | 
+---------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+ 
| Benfield | Tel: +44 (0)20 7578 | 
| Julianne Jessup (Investors & Analysts) | 7425 | 
| David Bogg (Media) | Tel: +44 (0)20 7522 | 
| | 4016 | 
+---------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+ 
| Merrill Lynch (financial adviser and corporate | Tel: +44 (0)20 7628 | 
| broker to Benfield) | 1000 | 
| Henrietta Baldock | | 
| Simon Mackenzie-Smith | | 
| Simon Fraser (Corporate Broking) | | 
+---------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+ 
| Haggie Financial (public relations adviser to | Tel: +44 (0)20 7417 | 
| Benfield) | 8989 | 
| David Haggie | |

Page 29 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
| | | 
+---------------------------------------------------+-------------------------+ 
As Benfield is incorporated and has its registered office in Bermuda, the Code 
[ 22-08-08 0647GMT ] 
does not apply to the Acquisition. However, pursuant to the terms of the 
Implementation Agreement, 
Benfield and Bidco have agreed that the provisions of 
the Code will apply to the Acquisition. Benfield agrees to comply with the Code 
in relation to the Acquisition for so long as the Board determines that to do so 
it is in the best interests of Benfield. Aon has undertaken to comply with the 
Code for so long as (i) the Benfield Board recommend the Acquisition; (ii) the 
Benfield Board do not withdraw or adversely modify the recommendation of the 
Acquisition; (iii) the Benfield Board do not resolve to cease complying with the 
Code; and (iv) any other potential offeror also agrees to comply with the Code 
within a certain period following its offer or approach to Benfield. Benfield 
and Aon have acknowledged that the Takeover Panel does not have jurisdiction 
over the Acquisition and have agreed to appoint an independent committee with 
delegated authority from the Benfield Board to determine the application and 
interpretation of the Code. In the event of any dispute arising between affected 
parties which cannot be resolved, Benfield and Aon have agreed to jointly refer 
the dispute to an independent third party who has, in the opinion of Benfield 
and Aon acting reasonably, suitable experience and expertise in respect of the 
Code to determine that dispute. 
The release, publication or distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions 
other than the United Kingdom may be restricted by law and, therefore, any 
persons who are subject to the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United 
Kingdom should inform themselves about, and observe, any applicable 
requirements. In particular the ability of Benfield Shareholders who are not 
resident in the United Kingdom to vote their Benfield Shares with respect to the 
Amalgamation at the Special General Meeting may be affected by the laws of the 
relevant jurisdiction in which they are located. This announcement has been 
prepared for the purposes of complying with English law and with regard to the 
Code, and the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would have 
been disclosed if this announcement had been prepared in accordance with the 
laws and regulations of any jurisdiction outside of England. 
This announcement is not intended to, and does not constitute, or form part of, 
an offer to sell, purchase, exchange or subscribe for or a solicitation of an 
offer to sell, purchase or exchange any securities or a solicitation of any vote 
or approval in any jurisdiction pursuant to the Acquisition or otherwise. This 
announcement does not constitute a prospectus or a prospectus equivalent 
document. The Acquisition will be made solely pursuant to the terms of the 
Shareholder Circular which will contain the full terms and conditions of the 
Acquisition, including details of how to vote in respect of the Amalgamation. 
Any decision in respect of, or other response to, the Acquisition should be made 
only on the basis of information contained in the Shareholders Circular. 
Benfield Shareholders are advised to read carefully the formal documentation in 
relation to the Acquisition once it has been despatched. 
Copies of this announcement and any formal documentation relating to the 
Acquisition are not being, and must not be, directly or indirectly, mailed or 
otherwise forwarded, distributed or sent in or into or from any Restricted 
Jurisdiction and persons receiving such documents (including custodians, 
nominees and trustees) must not mail or otherwise forward, distribute or send it 
in or into or from any Restricted Jurisdiction. If the Acquisition is

Page 30 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
implemented by way of an offer (unless otherwise determined by Aon and permitted 
by applicable law and regulation), the offer may not be made directly or 
indirectly, in or into, or by the use of mails or any means or instrumentality 
(including, but not limited to, facsimile, e-mail or other electronic 
transmission, telex or telephone) of intestate or foreign commerce of, or of any 
facility of a national, state or other securities exchange of any Restricted 
Jurisdiction and the offer may not be capable of acceptance by any such use, 
means, instrumentality or facilities. 
Notice to US investors in Benfield 
The Acquisition relates to the shares of a Bermudian company and is being made 
by means of an amalgamation provided for under Bermudian company law. A 
transaction effected by means of an amalgamation is not subject to the tender 
offer rules or the proxy solicitation rules under the US Exchange Act. 
Accordingly, the Acquisition is subject to the disclosure requirements and 
practices applicable in Bermuda to amalgamations which differ from the 
disclosure requirements of United States tender offer and proxy solicitation 
rules. If, in the future, Aon exercises its right to implement the Acquisition 
by way of a takeover offer and determines to extend the offer into the United 
States, the Acquisition will be made in compliance with applicable United States 
laws and regulations. Financial information included in this announcement and 
the Shareholder Circular has been or will have been prepared in accordance with 
IFRS accounting standards that may not be comparable to financial information of 
US companies or companies whose financial statements are prepared in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 
Forward looking statements 
This announcement may contain forward looking statements with respect to the 
financial condition, results and business of Benfield and certain plans and 
objectives of Aon with respect thereto. These forward-looking statements can be 
identified by the fact that they do not relate only to historical or current 
facts. Generally, these forward looking statements often use the words such as 
"will", "may", "should", "continue", "believes", "expects", "intends", 
"anticipates" or similar expressions. These statements are based on the 
assumptions and assessments made by Benfield or Aon in light of their experience 
and their perception of historical trends, current conditions, future 
developments and other factors they believe appropriate. By their nature, 
forward looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and changes in 
circumstances. Undue reliance should not be placed on any such statements 
because, by their very nature, they are subject to known and unknown risks and 
uncertainties and can be affected by other factors that could cause actual 
results, and management's plans and objectives, to differ materially from those 
expressed or implied in the forward looking statements. 
There are several factors which could cause actual results to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied in forward looking statements. Among the factors 
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the 
forward looking statements are the ability to combine or reorganise successfully 
the businesses of the Aon and Benfield groups to the extent proposed and to 
realise expected synergies from that combination, future revenues may be lower 
than expected, costs of future acquisitions and business activities may be 
higher than expected, changes in the global, political, economic, business, 
competitive, market and regulatory forces, future exchange and interest rates, 
changes in tax rates and future business combinations or dispositions.

Page 31 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
None of Aon, Bidco nor Benfield undertakes any obligation (except as required by 
the Listing Rules, the Disclosure and Transparency Rules and the rules of the 
London Stock Exchange) to revise or update any forward looking statement 
contained in this announcement, regardless of whether that statement is affected 
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
Credit Suisse, which is authorised and regulated in the UK by the Financial 
Services Authority, is acting for Aon and will act for Bidco and no one else in 
connection with the Acquisition and will not be responsible to anyone other than 
Aon and Bidco for providing the protections afforded to clients of Credit Suisse 
nor for providing advice in relation to the Acquisition or any other matters 
referred to herein. Neither Credit Suisse nor any of its subsidiaries, branches 
or affiliates owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever 
(whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in tort, under statute or 
otherwise) to any person who is not a client of Credit Suisse in connection with 
this announcement, any statement contained herein or otherwise. 
Merrill Lynch is acting as financial adviser and corporate broker to Benfield 
and no one else in connection with the Acquisition and will not be responsible 
to anyone other than Benfield for providing the protections afforded to clients 
of Merrill Lynch nor for giving advice in relation to the Acquisition. 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN, INTO OR 
FROM ANY RESTRICTED JURISDICTION 
22 August 2008 
Recommended Cash Acquisition of Benfield Group Limited 
1.Introduction 
The boards of Aon and Benfield are pleased to announce that they have reached 
agreement on the terms of a recommended cash acquisition of Benfield by Bidco, a 
to be incorporated wholly owned subsidiary of Aon. 
2.The Acquisition 
It is intended that the Acquisition be implemented by way of an Amalgamation 
under the Bermuda Companies Act. 
Under the terms of the Acquisition, which will be subject to the Conditions 
and other terms set out in Appendix 1 to this announcement and to the further 
terms to be set out in the Shareholder Circular, Benfield Shareholders will 
receive: 
+------------------------------------+--------------------------------------+ 
| for each Benfield Share | 350 | 
| | pence | 
| | in | 
[ 22-08-08 0647GMT ] 
| | cash | 
+------------------------------------+--------------------------------------+ 
The Acquisition price of 350 pence per 
Benfield Share values Benfield's existing 
issued share capital at approximately GBP738 million and the entire issued and 
to be issued share capital of Benfield at approximately GBP844 million. 
The Acquisition price of 350 pence per Benfield Share represents a premium of 
approximately:

Page 32 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
* 29.2 per cent. to the Closing Price of 271 pence per Benfield Share on 21 
August 
2008, being the last Business Day prior to the date of this announcement; and 
* 40.1 per cent. to the average Closing Price of approximately 250 pence per 
Benfield Share for the 30 trading days ended 21 August 2008. 
Under the Acquisition, Benfield has the right to elect within 14 days of this 
Announcement for a Loan Note Alternative to be made available. In the event that 
this election is made Benfield Shareholders will be informed of the terms of the 
Loan Notes. 
Benfield shareholders who are registered on the Benfield shareholder register on 
the record date as at 29 August 2008 will remain entitled to receive the interim 
dividend of 4.0 pence per share payable on 26 September 2008. 
3.Recommendation 
The directors of Benfield, who have been so advised by Merrill Lynch, consider 
the terms of the Acquisition to be fair and reasonable. In providing its advice, 
Merrill Lynch has taken into account the commercial assessments of the directors 
of Benfield. 
Accordingly, the directors of Benfield intend unanimously to recommend that 
Benfield Shareholders vote to approve the Acquisition at the Special General 
Meeting (or in the event that the Acquisition is implemented by way of a 
takeover offer to accept or procure acceptance of such offer), as certain of the 
directors have irrevocably undertaken to do in respect of their own beneficial 
shareholdings of 38,324,439 Benfield shares in aggregate representing 
approximately 18.2 per cent. of Benfield's issued share capital. 
4.Background to and Reasons for the Recommendation 
Benfield has held discussions from time to time with potential partners but this 
is the first time that a proposal has been made that offers shareholders the 
certainty of cash at an attractive premium to the current share price. The 
directors of Benfield believe that the Acquisition delivers substantial value to 
Benfield shareholders. In considering whether to recommend the Acquisition, the 
directors of Benfield have taken into account the following: 
* the Acquisition represents an attractive valuation for Benfield Shareholders 
today which reflects the Company's future growth potential; 
* prospects for the combined AonBenfield reinsurance business are expected to be 
stronger than those for Benfield standalone, which is reflected in the 
attractive valuation being offered; and 
* the Acquisition represents an opportunity for Benfield Shareholders to realise 
their entire investment in Benfield, in cash at a premium without the risks 
associated with public market sentiment and the current economic environment. 
5.Background to and reasons for the Acquisition 
Benfield is a leading independent reinsurance intermediary in terms of market 
reputation and standing. The business has a strong industry reputation for its 
excellent client service, leading analytics capability and record of innovation 
and growth. Aon believes that, as part of the Aon group, the combined 
Aon/Benfield reinsurance operations can continue to build upon these strengths 
and develop the business' positioning. It would be Aon's intention that Benfield 
and the existing reinsurance operations of Aon would be fully integrated and 
jointly branded AonBenfield Re. Following the close of the transaction Grahame 
Chilton will serve as vice chairman of Aon Group, reporting to Greg Case, chief 
executive officer, Aon Corporation. Mr Chilton will join the Aon Corporation 
Executive Committee and the AonBenfield Re Executive Committee. 
The combination of Benfield, a leading independent reinsurance intermediary, 
with Aon's existing reinsurance operations will create a truly global, diverse 
reinsurance franchise. The Acquisition is expected to enhance Aon's capabilities 
in the significant Florida and South East US property-catastrophe markets as 
well as in the rapidly growing Asia-Pacific and Latin American regions. In

Page 33 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
addition, the combination offers the opportunity to capitalise on the 
significant investment both businesses have made in risk modelling and analytics 
to create a global market leading capability in this key area. 
Aon views the Aon reinsurance operations and Benfield as having highly 
complementary franchises. In particular, Benfield will enhance Aon's existing 
capabilities in: 
* the Florida and South East US property-catastrophe market, where Benfield's 
pioneering ReMetrics capability, together with its longstanding market 
experience, delivers to its customer base a uniquely attractive risk analysis 
proposition; 
* developing markets in Asia, Central and Eastern Europe as well as Latin 
America 
and the Caribbean. Benfield's reputation for its long standing client 
relationships in Japan and other Asian markets in particular is extremely 
strong; 
* global analytics and client facing technology. Benfield's expertise in the 
area 
of analytics, modelling and on-line client facing capability will be very 
complementary to Aon's strength in US based analytics; and 
* key major accounts in the UK property market. 
In addition to the above, Aon believes there to be a strong cultural affinity 
between Aon and Benfield. Both focus on excellence of client service and both 
continue to attract the highest calibre of employees. 
The transaction is expected to generate approximately GBP65 million in annual 
cost savings beginning in 2009 primarily from shared administrative and support 
services across both Aon Re Global and Benfield. 
6.Information on Benfield 
Benfield, headquartered in London, is a leading independent reinsurance and 
insurance intermediary. The Company has an international network of 50 offices 
located in 26 countries which provide insurance and reinsurance intermediary, 
risk advisory and brokerage services. The company's operating divisions include 
International, U.S. and Benfield Corporate Risk (BCR). Benfield's customer base 
spans more than 100 countries. 
For the year ended 31 December 2007, Benfield's total turnover was GBP339.2 
million (2006: GBP355.3 million), profit before tax was GBP50.9 million (2006: 
GBP53.0 million). The net assets of Benfield as at 30 June 2008 were GBP167.9 
million. 
Further information on Benfield is available on its website at 
www.benfieldgroup.com. 
7.Information on Bidco and Aon Corporation 
Bidco will be incorporated in Bermuda as a wholly owned subsidiary of Aon. Aon, 
based in Chicago, serves its clients via various subsidiaries worldwide. The 
company's two operating segments include 
* Risk and Insurance Brokerage Services: acts as an advisor and insurance 
broker, 
helping clients manage their risks, as well as negotiating and placing insurance 
risk with insurance carriers through our global distribution network; and 
* Consulting: provides advice and services to clients for employee benefits, 
compensation, management consulting, communications, strategic human resource 
consulting, financial advisory and litigation consulting, and human resource 
outsourcing. 
For the year ended 31 December 2007, Aon Corporation reported revenues of US$7.5 
billion (2006: US$6.9 billion), earnings from continuing operations before 
income taxes of US$1.0 billion (2006: US$0.7 billion) and diluted earnings per 
share from continuing operations of US$2.10 (2006: US$1.33). As at 30 June 2008, 
Aon Corporation had total stockholders' equity of US$24.1 billion. 
Further information on Aon is available on its web site at www.aon.com.

Page 34 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
8.Implementation Agreement 
Benfield and Aon have entered into an Implementation Agreement in relation to 
the implementation of the Acquisition and other matters. Pursuant to the 
Implementation Agreement, Benfield and Aon have agreed to take all steps and 
actions and prepare all such documents necessary for the Acquisition on a timely 
basis in accordance with an agreed timetable and in accordance with the terms of 
the Implementation Agreement and the requirements of the Code, and applicable 
law and regulations. 
Certain key provisions of the Implementation Agreement are set out below: 
Non solicit 
Benfield has undertaken in the Implementation Agreement that it shall not, and 
shall procure that none of its Representatives shall directly or indirectly, 
solicit, encourage, initiate or otherwise seek to procure the submission of any 
proposal, indication of interest or offer of any kind regarding a Competing 
Proposal, other than responding to a Competing Proposal where the Directors 
determine in good faith that the failure to do so would be inconsistent with 
their fiduciary duties or the matter relates to continuing any discussions that 
commenced prior to the date of the Implementation Agreement with any third party 
relating to a Competing Proposal. 
Matching right 
Benfield has agreed not to withdraw the Amalgamation or permit any Board 
recommendation to be withdrawn or modified for a period of 48 hours following 
the announcement of a Competing Proposal to enable Bidco to exercise its right 
to match any such Competing Proposal. In the event that Bidco makes a revised 
offer on terms which are no less favourable than the terms of the Competing 
Proposal taking into account the circumstances, Benfield has further agreed to 
give a unanimous and unqualified recommendation of Bidco's revised offer. 
Break fee 
Benfield has agreed to pay to Bidco a fee equal to one per cent. of the Offer 
Value if (i) the Benfield Board fails to recommend or withdraws or modifies its 
recommendation of the Acquisition or decides not to proceed with the 
[ 22-08-08 0647GMT ] 
Amalgamation and the Amalgamation subsequently does not proceed; (ii) if the 
Amalgamation is withdrawn, lapses or is not made and before this time a Superior 
Proposal has been announced and (although 
Benfield has not withdrawn or modified 
its recommendation of the Amalgamation) is successfully completed; or (iii) the 
Amalgamation does not become effective because Benfield does not comply in a 
material respect with certain specified obligations under the Implementation 
Agreement. 
Takeover Code 
As Benfield is incorporated and has its registered office in Bermuda the Code 
does not apply to the Acquisition. However, in accordance with the requirements 
of Benfield's Bye-Laws and pursuant to the terms of the Implementation 
Agreement, Benfield and Bidco have agreed that the provisions of the Code will 
apply to the Acquisition. Benfield agrees to comply with the Code in relation to 
the Acquisition for so long as the Board determines that to do so is in the best 
interests of Benfield. 
Aon has undertaken to comply with the Code for so long as (i) the Benfield Board 
recommend the Acquisition; (ii) the Benfield Board do not withdraw or adversely 
modify the recommendation of the Acquisition; (iii) the Benfield Board do not 
resolve to cease complying with the Code; and (iv) any other potential offeror 
also agrees to comply with the Code within a certain period following its offer 
or approach to Benfield. 
Benfield and Aon have acknowledged that the Takeover Panel does not have 
jurisdiction over the Acquisition and have agreed to appoint an independent 
committee with delegated authority from the Benfield Board to determine the 
application and interpretation of the Code. In the event of any dispute arising 
between affected parties which cannot be resolved, Benfield and Aon have agreed

Page 35 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
to jointly refer the dispute to an independent third party who has, in the 
opinion of Benfield and Aon acting reasonably, suitable experience and expertise 
in respect of the Code to determine that dispute. 
Material conditions 
Benfield and Bidco have agreed that if any of the Conditions set out in 
paragraphs 2.1 to 2.4 of Schedule 1 are not satisfied or, if capable of waiver, 
waived by Bidco before the Long-Stop Effective Date the Acquisition will not 
proceed. 
Further information regarding the Implementation Agreement will be set out in 
the Shareholder Circular. 
9.Irrevocable Undertakings 
Bidco has received irrevocable undertakings from certain of the directors of 
Benfield to approve the Acquisition at the Special General Meeting in respect of 
all of their own beneficial shareholdings of Benfield Shares (and, where 
applicable, of their connected persons) amounting, in aggregate, to 38,324,439 
Benfield Shares, representing approximately 18.2 per cent. of Benfield's entire 
existing issued share capital. These remain binding in the event of a competing 
offer being made for Benfield. 
Bidco has also received irrevocable undertakings to approve the Acquisition at 
the Special General Meeting from Benfield Shareholders in respect of 15,239,489 
Benfield Shares, in aggregate representing a further 7.2 per cent. of Benfield's 
entire existing issued share capital. These remain binding in the event of a 
competing offer being made for Benfield. 
Accordingly, Bidco has received, in aggregate, irrevocable undertakings to 
approve the Acquisition at the Special General Meeting from Benfield 
Shareholders in respect of 53,563,928 Benfield Shares, representing 
approximately 25.4 per cent. of Benfield's entire existing issued share capital. 
Further details of these irrevocable undertakings are set out in Appendix 3 to 
this announcement. 
10.Financing the Acquisition 
It is estimated that full acceptance of the Offer would result in cash 
consideration of approximately GBP844 million being payable to Benfield 
Shareholders and participants in the Benfield Share Schemes. This cash 
consideration will be financed from Aon's existing cash resources. 
Having regard to the Code, Credit Suisse, financial adviser to Aon, is satisfied 
that sufficient financial resources are currently available to Aon to enable it 
to satisfy in full the cash consideration payable under the Acquisition. 
11.Management, employees and locations 
Aon has high regard for Benfield's talented staff and will seek to retain the 
expertise and client relationships of all Benfield's key personnel. 
Aon intends to safeguard fully the existing employment rights of all Benfield 
employees and to comply with Benfield's pension obligations for existing 
employees. Aon has also identified future roles that would, if acceptable, be 
offered to Benfield key management on completion. Aon has no current intention 
to change the location of Benfield Group's places of business. 
12.Description of the Amalgamation 
It is intended that the Acquisition be effected by means of an amalgamation 
between Benfield and Bidco under the Bermuda Companies Act. 
The Amalgamation will be subject to the Conditions and further terms and 
conditions referred to in Appendix 1 of this announcement and to be set out in 
the Shareholder Circular. 
In order for the Amalgamation to be adopted, the Amalgamation Agreement will 
require the approval of Benfield Shareholders by the passing of a resolution at 
the Special General Meeting. The resolution must be approved by 75 per cent. or 
more of the Benfield Shareholders voting at the Special General Meeting. The 
approval of the shareholder of Bidco is also required. The quorum for the 
Special General Meeting is two persons at least holding or representing by proxy 
more than one-third of the Benfield Shares in issue. 
The Amalgamation will only become effective upon submission to the Registrar of 
Companies in Bermuda of an application for registration of the Amalgamated

Page 36 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Company and the issue by the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda of a certificate 
of amalgamation. 
Under the terms of the proposed Amalgamation Agreement, at the Effective Time, 
by virtue of the Amalgamation and without any action on the part of Bidco, 
Benfield or Benfield Shareholders, each Benfield Share (other than Benfield 
Shares held by Bidco or any subsidiary of Benfield, if any) will be converted 
into the right to receive the cash consideration referred to in paragraph 2 
above and each issued share in the capital of Bidco will be converted into one 
validly issued and fully paid share in the Amalgamated Company. 
Any Benfield Shareholder who is not satisfied that he has been offered fair 
value for his Benfield Shares and who does not vote in favour of the 
Amalgamation may, within one month of the giving of the notice convening the 
Special General Meeting, apply to the Court to appraise the value of his 
Benfield Shares. If the value appraised by the Court is greater than the 
Acquisition price, then that Benfield Shareholder will receive the difference 
between the appraised value and the Acquisition price within one month of the 
Court's appraisal. 
On the date shown in the certificate of amalgamation, the Amalgamation of 
Benfield and Bidco and their continuance as one company will become effective, 
the property, rights and assets of each of Benfield and Bidco, in accordance 
with the Bermuda Companies Act, will become the property, rights and assets of 
the Amalgamated Company and the Amalgamated Company will become liable for the 
obligations and liabilities of each of Benfield and Bidco. In addition, any 
existing cause of action, claim or liability to prosecution will be unaffected 
by the Amalgamation; a civil, criminal or administrative action or proceeding 
pending by or against Benfield or Bidco may be continued to be prosecuted by or 
against the Amalgamated Company; a conviction against, or ruling, order or 
judgment in favour of or against, Benfield or Bidco may be enforced by or 
against the Amalgamated Company; and the certificate of amalgamation will be 
deemed to be the certificate of incorporation of the Amalgamated Company. 
It is currently anticipated that the Acquisition will become effective by 31 
December 2008 subject to satisfaction of Conditions set out in Appendix 1 to 
this announcement. Further details on the implementation of the Amalgamation 
will be set out in the Shareholder Circular. 
13.Conditions 
The Acquisition will be subject to the Conditions, including the approval of the 
Amalgamation Agreement by Benfield Shareholders at the Special General Meeting, 
approval of the change of control contemplated by the Acquisition by relevant 
regulatory authorities and anti-trust clearance in the US. 
14.Benfield Share Schemes 
Participants in the Benfield Share Schemes will be contacted regarding the 
effect of the Acquisition on their rights under these schemes and provided with 
further details concerning the proposals which will be made to such participants 
in due course. Details of the proposals will be set out in the Shareholder 
Circular and in separate letters to be sent to participants in the Benfield 
Share Schemes. 
15.Convertible Preference Share Holders 
In accordance with the terms of the proposed Amalgamation Agreement, the 
convertible preference shares shall be cancelled and converted in accordance 
with the Bye-Laws. 
16.Disclosure of interests in Benfield 
As at the close of business on 21 August 2008, the last Business Day prior to 
the date of this announcement, neither Aon, Bidco, nor any of the directors of 
Aon or Bidco, nor, so far as Aon or Bidco are aware, any person acting in 
concert with Aon Corporation or Bidco has: (i) any interest in, or right to 
subscribe for, any Benfield Shares or securities convertible or exchangeable 
into Benfield Shares ("Benfield Securities"), (ii) any short position (whether 
conditional or absolute and whether in the money or otherwise), including any 
short positions under derivatives or arrangement in relation to Benfield 
Securities, nor (iii) borrowed or lent any Benfield Securities (save for any 
borrowed shares which have been on-lent or sold).

Page 37 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
For these purposes, "arrangement" includes any indemnity or option arrangement 
[ 22-08-08 0647GMT ] 
or any agreement or understanding, formal or informal, of whatever nature, 
relating to 
Benfield Securities which may be an inducement to deal or refrain 
from dealing in such securities. 
In the interests of secrecy prior to this announcement, Bidco has not made any 
enquiries in this respect of the matters referred to in this paragraph of 
certain parties who may be deemed to be acting in concert with them for the 
purposes of the Scheme. Enquiries of such parties will be made as soon as 
practicable following the date of this announcement and any material disclosure 
in respect of such parties will be included in the Shareholder Circular. 
17.Delisting 
Prior to the Amalgamation becoming effective, a request will be made by Benfield 
to the UK Listing Authority to cancel the listing of the Benfield Shares on the 
Official List and to the London Stock Exchange to cancel the admission to 
trading of the Benfield Shares on the London Stock Exchange's market for listed 
securities so that Benfield Shares will cease to be listed on the Official List 
with effect from the Effective Time. The last day of dealing in Benfield Shares 
on the London Stock Exchange will be the last dealing day before the Effective 
Time. In addition, with effect from the Effective Time, entitlements to Benfield 
Shares held within the CREST system will be cancelled. 
18.General 
Aon and Benfield have agreed that, if Aon or Bidco so elects, the Acquisition 
may be implemented by way of a takeover offer for the entire issued and to be 
issued share capital of Benfield as an alternative to the Amalgamation. In this 
event, that offer will be implemented on the same terms, so far as applicable 
(subject to appropriate amendments), as those which would apply to the 
Amalgamation. 
If the Acquisition is effected by way of a takeover offer and such offer becomes 
or is declared unconditional in all respects and sufficient acceptances are 
received, Aon intends to (i) request the London Stock Exchange and the UK 
Listing Authority cancel trading in Benfield Shares on the London Stock 
Exchange's main market for listed securities and the listing of Benfield Shares 
on the Official List; and (ii) exercise its rights under section 102 of the 
Bermuda Companies Act to acquire compulsorily any outstanding Benfield Shares to 
which such offer relates. 
The Acquisition will be made on the terms and subject to the Conditions set out 
in Appendix 1 and to be set out in the Shareholder Circular. Certain definitions 
and terms used in this announcement are set out in Appendix 4, and the bases and 
values used in this announcement are set out in Appendix 2. 
The Shareholder Circular will be despatched to Benfield Shareholders shortly and 
will include full details of the Acquisition, together with notice of the 
Special General Meeting and the expected timetable for the implementation of the 
Acquisition. The Acquisition will be subject to the applicable requirements of 
the London Stock Exchange and the UK Listing Authority. 
In deciding whether or not to vote to approve the Acquisition, Benfield 
Shareholders should rely on the information contained in, and follow the 
procedures described in, the Shareholder Circular and the Form of Proxy. 
The release, publication or distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions 
other than the United Kingdom may be restricted by law and, therefore, any 
persons who are subject to the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United 
Kingdom should inform themselves about, and observe, any applicable 
requirements. In particular the ability of Benfield Shareholders who are not 
resident in the United Kingdom to vote their Benfield Shares with respect to the 
Amalgamation at the Special General Meeting may be affected by the laws of the 
relevant jurisdiction in which they are located. This announcement has been 
prepared for the purposes of complying with English law and the information 
disclosed may not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this

Page 38 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
announcement had been prepared in accordance with the laws and regulations of 
any jurisdiction outside of England. 
This announcement is not intended to, and does not constitute, or form part of, 
an offer to sell, purchase, exchange or subscribe for or a solicitation of an 
offer to sell, purchase or exchange any securities or a solicitation of any vote 
or approval in any jurisdiction pursuant to the Acquisition or otherwise. This 
announcement does not constitute a prospectus or a prospectus equivalent 
document. The Acquisition will be made solely pursuant to the terms of the 
Shareholder Circular which will contain the full terms and conditions of the 
Acquisition, including details of how to vote in respect of the Acquisition. Any 
decision in respect of, or other response to, the Acquisition should be made 
only on the basis of information contained in the Shareholders Circular. 
Benfield Shareholders are advised to read carefully the formal documentation in 
relation to the Acquisition once it has been despatched. 
Copies of this announcement and any formal documentation relating to the 
Acquisition are not being, and must not be, directly or indirectly, mailed or 
otherwise forwarded, distributed or sent in or into or from any Restricted 
Jurisdiction and persons receiving such documents (including custodians, 
nominees and trustees) must not mail or otherwise forward, distribute or send it 
in or into or from any Restricted Jurisdiction. If the Acquisition is 
implemented by way of an offer (unless otherwise determined by Aon and permitted 
by applicable law and regulation), the offer may not be made directly or 
indirectly, in or into, or by the use of mails or any means or instrumentality 
(including, but not limited to, facsimile, e-mail or other electronic 
transmission, telex or telephone) of intestate or foreign commerce of, or of any 
facility of a national, state or other securities exchange of any Restricted 
Jurisdiction and the offer may not be capable of acceptance by any such use, 
means, instrumentality or facilities. 
19.Notice to US investors in Benfield 
The Acquisition relates to the shares of a Bermudian company and is being made 
by means of an amalgamation provided for under Bermudian company law. A 
transaction effected by means of an amalgamation is not subject to the tender 
offer rules or the proxy solicitation rules under the US Exchange Act. 
Accordingly, the Acquisition is subject to the disclosure requirements and 
practices applicable in Bermuda to amalgamations which differ from the 
disclosure requirements of United States tender offer and proxy solicitation 
rules. If, in the future, Aon exercises its right to implement the Acquisition 
by way of a takeover offer and determines to extend the offer into the United 
States, the Acquisition will be made in compliance with applicable United States 
laws and regulations. Financial information included in this announcement and 
the Shareholder Circular has been or will have been prepared in accordance with 
IFRS accounting standards that may not be comparable to financial information of 
US companies or companies whose financial statements are prepared in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 
20.Forward looking statements 
This announcement may contain forward looking statements with respect to the 
financial condition, results and business of Benfield and certain plans and 
objectives of Aon with respect thereto. These forward looking statements can be 
identified by the fact that they do not related only to historical or current 
facts. Generally, these forward looking statements often use the words such as 
"will", "may", "should", "continue", "believes", "expects", "intends", 
"anticipates" or similar expressions. These statements are based on the 
assumptions and assessments made by Benfield or Aon in light of their experience 
and their perception of historical trends, current conditions, future 
developments and other factors they believe appropriate. By their nature, 
forward looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and changes in 
circumstances. Undue reliance should not be placed on any such statements 
because, by their very nature, they are subject to known and unknown risks and 
uncertainties and can be affected by other factors that could cause actual 
results, and management's plans and objectives, to differ materially from those 
expressed or implied in the forward looking statements.

Page 39 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
There are several factors which could cause actual results to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied in forward looking statements. Among the factors 
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the 
forward looking statements are the ability to combine or reorganise successfully 
the businesses of the Aon and Benfield groups to the extent proposed and to 
realise expected synergies from that combination, future revenues may be lower 
than expected, costs of future acquisitions and business dealings may be higher 
than expected, changes in the global, political, economic, business, 
competitive, market and regulatory forces, future exchange and interest rates, 
changes in tax rates and future business combinations or dispositions. 
None of Aon, Bidco nor Benfield undertakes any obligation (except as required by 
the Listing Rules, the Disclosure and Transparency Rules and the rules of the 
London Stock Exchange) to revise or update any forward looking statement 
contained in this announcement, regardless of whether that statement is affected 
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
Credit Suisse, which is authorised and regulated in the UK by the Financial 
Services Authority, is acting for Aon and will act for Bidco and no one else in 
connection with the Acquisition and will not be responsible to anyone other than 
Aon and Bidco for providing the protections afforded to clients of Credit Suisse 
nor for providing advice in relation to the Acquisition or any other matters 
referred to herein. Neither Credit Suisse nor any of its subsidiaries, branches 
[ 22-08-08 0647GMT ] 
or affiliates owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever 
(whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in tort, under statute or 
otherwise) to any person who is not a client of 
Credit Suisse in connection with 
this announcement, any statement contained herein or otherwise. 
Merrill Lynch is acting as financial adviser and corporate broker to Benfield 
and no one else in connection with the Acquisition and will not be responsible 
to anyone other than Benfield for providing the protections afforded to clients 
of Merrill Lynch nor for giving advice in relation to the Acquisition. 
Certain definitions and terms used in this announcement are set out in Appendix 
4. 
+------------------------------------------------+------------------------+ 
| Enquiries: | | 
+------------------------------------------------+------------------------+ 
| Bidco and Aon Corporation | Tel: +1 312 381 3983 | 
| Scott Malchow (Vice President, Investor | Tel: +1 312 381 2485 | 
| Relations) | | 
| David Prosperi (Vice President, Global Public | | 
| Relations) | | 
+------------------------------------------------+------------------------+ 
| Credit Suisse (financial adviser to Bidco and | Tel: +44 (0)20 7888 | 
| Aon Corporation) | 8888 | 
| Robert Murley | | 
| Stuart Upcraft | | 
| | | 
+------------------------------------------------+------------------------+ 
| Benfield | Tel: +44 (0)20 7578 | 
| Julianne Jessup (Investors & Analysts) | 7425 | 
| David Bogg (Media) | Tel: +44 (0)20 | 
| | 7522 4016 | 
+------------------------------------------------+------------------------+ 
| Merrill Lynch (financial adviser and corporate | Tel: +44 (0)20 7628 | 
| broker to Benfield) | 1000 | 
| Henrietta Baldock | | 
| Simon Mackenzie-Smith | | 
| Simon Fraser (Corporate Broking) | | 
| Simon Fraser (Corporate Broking) | |

Page 40 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
+------------------------------------------------+------------------------+ 
| Haggie Financial (public relations adviser to | Tel: +44 (0)20 7417 | 
| Benfield) | 8989 | 
| David Haggie | | 
| | | 
+------------------------------------------------+------------------------+ 
The release, publication or distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions 
other than the United Kingdom may be restricted by law and, therefore, any 
persons who are subject to the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United 
Kingdom should inform themselves about, and observe, any applicable 
requirements. In particular the ability of Benfield Shareholders who are not 
resident in the United Kingdom to vote their Benfield Shares with respect to the 
Amalgamation at the Special General Meeting may be affected by the laws of the 
relevant jurisdiction in which they are located. This announcement has been 
prepared for the purposes of complying with English law and with regard to the 
Code, and the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would have 
been disclosed if this announcement had been prepared in accordance with the 
laws and regulations of any jurisdiction outside of England. 
This announcement is not intended to, and does not constitute, or form part of, 
an offer to sell, purchase, exchange or subscribe for or a solicitation of an 
offer to sell, purchase or exchange any securities or a solicitation of any vote 
or approval in any jurisdiction pursuant to the Acquisition or otherwise. This 
announcement does not constitute a prospectus or a prospectus equivalent 
document. The Acquisition will be made solely pursuant to the terms of the 
Shareholder Circular which will contain the full terms and conditions of the 
Acquisition, including details of how to vote in respect of the Amalgamation. 
Any decision in respect of, or other response to, the Acquisition should be made 
only on the basis of information contained in the Shareholders Circular. 
Benfield Shareholders are advised to read carefully the formal documentation in 
relation to the Acquisition once it has been despatched. 
Copies of this announcement and any formal documentation relating to the 
Acquisition are not being, and must not be, directly or indirectly, mailed or 
otherwise forwarded, distributed or sent in or into or from any Restricted 
Jurisdiction and persons receiving such documents (including custodians, 
nominees and trustees) must not mail or otherwise forward, distribute or send it 
in or into or from any Restricted Jurisdiction. If the Acquisition is 
implemented by way of an offer (unless otherwise determined by Aon and permitted 
by applicable law and regulation), the offer may not be made directly or 
indirectly, in or into, or by the use of mails or any means or instrumentality 
(including, but not limited to, facsimile, e-mail or other electronic 
transmission, telex or telephone) of intestate or foreign commerce of, or of any 
facility of a national, state or other securities exchange of any Restricted 
Jurisdiction and the offer may not be capable of acceptance by any such use, 
means, instrumentality or facilities. 
APPENDIX 1 
CONDITIONS AND CERTAIN FURTHER TERMS 
OF THE ACQUISITION 
The Acquisition will be conditional upon the Amalgamation becoming effective by 
not later than the Long-Stop Effective Date. 
1The Amalgamation will be subject to the following conditions: 
1.1approval of the Amalgamation Agreement by a majority in number, representing 
at least three-fourths in value, of the Benfield Shareholders present and 
voting, either in person or by proxy, at the Special General Meeting (or at any 
adjournment of such meeting); 
1.2all resolutions required to approve, implement and effect the Amalgamation, 
set out in the notice of the Special General Meeting being duly passed by the 
requisite majority at the Special General Meeting (or at any adjournment of such

Page 41 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
meeting); 
1.3the delivery to the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda of all documentation 
and consents required to implement the Amalgamation pursuant to the Bermuda 
Companies Act; and 
1.4the issue by the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda of a certificate of 
amalgamation pursuant to the Bermuda Companies Act. 
2 Aon and Benfield have agreed that the Acquisition will also be conditional 
upon the following matters and, accordingly, the necessary action to make the 
Acquisition effective will not be taken unless such conditions have been 
satisfied or waived (where capable of waiver) prior to the Acquisition Effective 
Date being sought: 
2.1all necessary filings having been made and all applicable waiting periods 
(including any extensions thereof) under the United States Hart Scott Rodino 
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (as amended) and the regulations made 
thereunder having expired, lapsed or been terminated as appropriate in each case 
in respect of the Acquisition (including, without limitation, to its 
implementation and financing) and the acquisition or the proposed acquisition of 
any shares or other securities in, or control of, Benfield by any member of the 
Wider Aon Group; 
2.2the Financial Services Authority giving notice in writing under section 
184(1) of FSMA, in terms reasonably satisfactory to Aon, of its approval (or 
being treated as having given its approval by virtue of section 184(2) of FSMA) 
in respect of any acquisition of or increase in control over (as defined in 
section 179 and section 180 of FSMA) any member of the Wider Benfield Group 
which is a UK authorised person (as defined in section 178(4) of FSMA), which in 
either case would result from the Acquisition; 
2.3the Bermuda Monetary Authority confirming that it has no objection to any 
change in the shareholder controller of any member of the Benfield Group which 
is a registered person under the Insurance Act 1978 of Bermuda which would 
result from the Acquisition. 
2.4all necessary notifications and filings having been made in connection with 
the Acquisition and all necessary waiting periods (including any extensions 
thereof) under any applicable legislation or regulation of any jurisdiction 
having expired, lapsed or been terminated (as appropriate) and all 
Authorisations necessary in any jurisdiction for or in respect of the 
Amalgamation and the Acquisition or the proposed acquisition of any shares or 
other securities in, or control of, Benfield by any member of the Wider Aon 
Group having been obtained in terms and in a form reasonably satisfactory to Aon 
from all appropriate Third Parties (as defined in paragraph 2.6 below) or 
(without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) from any person or bodies 
with whom any member of the Wider Benfield Group has entered into contractual 
arrangements, in each case where the absence of such Authorisation would have a 
material adverse effect on the Wider Benfield Group taken as a whole, and all 
such Authorisations remaining in full force and effect at the time at which the 
Amalgamation becomes otherwise unconditional and there being no notice or 
intimation of an intention to revoke, suspend, restrict, modify or not to renew 
such Authorisations which in any such case would have material adverse effect on 
the Wider Benfield Group taken as a whole; 
[ 22-08-08 0647GMT ] 
2.5no government or governmental, quasi-governmental, supranational, statutory, 
regulatory, environmental or investigative body (including, without limitation, 
any national or supranational antitrust or competition authority), court, trade 
agency, association, institution or any other person or body whatsoever in any 
jurisdiction (each a "Third Party") having decided to take or threatened in 
writing any action, proceeding, suit, investigation, enquiry or reference in 
relation to the Acquisition, or having taken or required any action to be taken 
(including, without limitation, proposing or enacting any statute, regulation, 
decision or order) in each 
case which is or is reasonably expected to be

Page 42 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
material in the context of the Amalgamation, which would or might reasonably be 
expected to: 
2.5.1make the Acquisition or its implementation or the acquisition or proposed 
acquisition of any shares or other securities in, or control of, Benfield by any 
member of the Wider Aon Group void, illegal and/or unenforceable under the laws 
of any jurisdiction, or otherwise prohibit or restrict the implementation of or 
impose additional conditions or obligations with respect to, or otherwise 
challenge or require amendment of the Amalgamation in any material respect or 
the acquisition of any such shares or securities by any member of the Wider Aon 
Group; 
2.5.2require the divestiture by any member of the Wider Aon Group or by any 
member of the Wider Benfield Group of all or any part of its businesses, assets, 
undertakings or property or impose any limitation on the ability of any of them 
to conduct their respective businesses (or any part thereof) or to own any of 
their assets or properties (or any part thereof) which in any such case would 
have material adverse effect on the Wider Aon Group or the Wider Benfield Group 
taken as a whole (as the case may be); 
2.5.3impose any material limitation on or result in a delay in the ability of 
any member of the Wider Aon Group directly or indirectly to acquire or hold or 
to exercise effectively all or any rights of ownership in respect of shares or 
other securities in Benfield or on the ability of any member of the Wider 
Benfield Group or any member of the Wider Aon Group directly or indirectly to 
hold or exercise effectively any rights of ownership in respect of shares or 
other securities (or the equivalent) in, or to exercise management control over, 
any member of the Wider Benfield Group; 
2.5.4require any member of the Wider Aon Group or the Wider Benfield Group to 
acquire or offer to acquire any shares or other securities (or the equivalent) 
or any asset owned by any third party (other than in the implementation of the 
Amalgamation); 
2.5.5require a divestiture by any member of the Wider Aon Group of any shares or 
other securities (or the equivalent) in Benfield; 
2.5.6result in any member of the Wider Benfield Group ceasing to be able to 
carry on business under any name under which it presently carries on business 
which in any such case would have a material adverse effect on the Wider 
Benfield Group taken as a whole; 
2.5.7impose any limitation on the ability of any member of the Wider Aon Group 
or any member of the Wider Benfield Group to integrate or co-ordinate all or any 
part of its business with all or any part of the business of any other member of 
the Wider Aon Group and/or the Wider Benfield Group which in any such case would 
have a material adverse effect on the Wider Benfield Group taken as a whole; or 
2.5.8otherwise affect the business, assets, profits or prospects of any member 
of the Wider Benfield Group or any member of the Wider Aon Group in a manner 
which is adverse to and material in the context of the Benfield Group taken as a 
whole or of the obligations of any members of the Aon Group taken as a whole in 
connection with the Acquisition; 
2.6.9and all applicable waiting and other time periods during which any such 
Third Party could decide to take, institute, implement or threaten any such 
action, proceeding, suit, investigation, enquiry or reference or take any other 
step under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of the Amalgamation or the 
acquisition or proposed acquisition of any Benfield Shares or otherwise 
intervene having expired, lapsed, or been terminated; 
2.6since 31 December 2007, except as disclosed in the Interim Results or as 
publicly announced to a Regulatory Information Service by or on behalf of 
Benfield or as fairly disclosed by Benfield to Aon before the date of this 
announcement, there being no material provision or any material arrangement, 
agreement, licence, permit, lease or other instrument to which any member of the 
Wider Benfield Group is a party or by or to which any such member or any of its 
assets is or may be bound or be subject which, as a consequence of the 
Acquisition or the proposed acquisition by any member of the Wider Aon Group of 
any shares or other securities in Benfield or because of a change in the control 
or management of any member of the Wider Benfield Group, would or might

Page 43 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
reasonably be expected to result in (to an extent that is material in the 
context of the Wider Benfield Group taken as a whole): 
2.6.1any monies borrowed by, or any other indebtedness, actual or contingent, of 
any member of the Wider Benfield Group being or becoming repayable, or capable 
of being declared repayable, immediately or prior to its or their stated 
maturity date or repayment date, or the ability of any such member to borrow 
monies or incur any indebtedness being withdrawn or materially inhibited or 
being capable of becoming or being withdrawn or materially inhibited; 
2.6.2the rights, liabilities, obligations, interests or business of any member 
of the Wider Benfield Group or any member of the Wider Aon Group under any such 
arrangement, agreement, licence, permit, lease or instrument or the interests or 
business of any member of the Wider Benfield Group in or with any other firm or 
company or body or person (or any agreement or arrangement relating to any such 
business or interests) being terminated or adversely modified or affected or any 
onerous obligation or liability arising or any adverse action being taken 
thereunder; 
2.6.3any member of the Wider Benfield Group ceasing to be able to carry on 
business under any name under which it presently carries on business; 
2.6.4any assets or interests of any member of the Wider Benfield Group being 
disposed of or charged or any right arising under which any such asset or 
interest could be required to be disposed of or charged or could cease to be 
available to any member of the Wider Benfield Group otherwise than in the 
ordinary course of business; 
2.6.5the creation or enforcement of any mortgage, charge or other security 
interest over the whole or any part of the business, property or assets of any 
member of the Wider Benfield Group otherwise than in the ordinary course of 
business; 
2.6.6the value of, or the financial or trading position of, any member of the 
Wider Benfield Group being prejudiced or adversely affected; 
2.6.7the creation of any liability (actual or contingent) by any member of the 
Wider Benfield Group; or 
2.6.8the creation of any liability of any member of the Wider Benfield Group to 
make any severance, termination, bonus or other payment to any directors or its 
officers (excluding discretionary bonuses for executive directors as determined 
by the Benfield remuneration committee or any other employees whose bonuses are 
determined by the remuneration committee); 
2.7except as disclosed in the Interim Results or as publicly announced to a 
Regulatory Information Service by or on behalf of Benfield or as fairly 
disclosed by Benfield to Aon before the date of this announcement, since 31 
December 2007, no member of the Wider Benfield Group having: 
2.7.1issued or agreed to issue or authorised or proposed the issue of additional 
shares of any class, or securities or securities convertible into, or 
exchangeable for, or rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or acquire, 
any such shares or convertible securities (save, where relevant, as between 
Benfield and wholly owned subsidiaries of Benfield or between such wholly-owned 
subsidiaries and save for the issue of Benfield Shares pursuant to the Benfield 
Share Schemes and the issue or transfer from treasury of Benfield Shares upon 
the exercise of any options granted under any of the Benfield Share Schemes); 
2.7.2recommended, declared, paid or made or proposed to recommend, declare, pay 
or make any bonus, dividend or other distribution (whether payable in cash or 
otherwise) other than to Benfield or one of its wholly owned subsidiaries or 
between such wholly-owned subsidiaries; 
2.7.3save for transactions between Benfield and its wholly owned subsidiaries or 
between such wholly owned subsidiaries, merged with (by statutory merger or 
otherwise) or demerged from or acquired any body corporate, partnership or 
business or acquired or disposed of, or, other than in the ordinary course of 
business, transferred, mortgaged or charged or created any security interest 
over, any assets or any right, title or interest in any asset (including shares 
and trade investments) or authorised or announced any intention to do so, which 
in any case is material in the context of the Wider Benfield Group taken as a 
whole;

Page 44 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
2.7.4save as between Benfield and its wholly owned subsidiaries or between such 
wholly owned subsidiaries, made, authorised, or announced an intention to 
propose any change in its loan capital; 
2.7.5issued or authorised the issue of any debentures or incurred or increased 
any indebtedness or become subject to any contingent liability (save in the 
ordinary course of business and/or save as between Benfield and its wholly owned 
subsidiaries or between such wholly owned subsidiaries) which in any case is 
material in the context of the Wider Benfield Group taken as a whole; 
2.7.6entered into or varied or authorised or announced its intention to enter 
into or vary any contract, transaction, arrangement or commitment (whether in 
[ 22-08-08 0647GMT ] 
respect of capital expenditure or otherwise) which is of a long term, unusual or 
onerous nature, or which involves or is reasonably expected to involve an 
obligation of a nature or magnitude which is, in any such 
case, material in the 
context of the Wider Benfield Group taken as a whole or which is or is 
reasonably expected to be restrictive on the business of any member of the 
Benfield Group to an extent which is material in the context of the Wider 
Benfield Group taken as a whole; 
2.7.7entered into or materially varied the terms of any service agreement with 
any director or senior executive of the Benfield Group (other than in the 
ordinary course of business or as otherwise disclosed to Aon prior to the date 
of this announcement); 
2.7.8agreed to provide or modified the terms of any share option scheme, 
incentive scheme, or other benefit relating to the employment or termination of 
employment of any employee of the Wider Benfield Group in a manner which is 
material in the context of the Wider Benfield Group taken as a whole; 
2.7.9or, the trustees of the relevant pension scheme having, made or agreed or 
consented to any significant change to the terms of the trust deeds or other 
documents constituting or governing the pension schemes in respect of which a 
member of the Wider Benfield Group may have liabilities or the benefits which 
accrue, or to the pensions which are payable, thereunder, or to the basis on 
which qualification for, or accrual or entitlement to, such benefits or pensions 
are calculated or determined or to the basis on which the liabilities (including 
pensions) of such pension schemes are funded or valued, or agreed or consented 
to any change to the trustees or trustee directors, or carried out any act which 
is reasonably expected to lead to the commencement of the winding up of the 
scheme or which is reasonably expected to give rise directly or indirectly to a 
liability arising out of the operation of the Pensions Act 1995 and/or the 
Pensions Act 2004 in relation to the scheme and no member of the Wider Benfield 
Group establishing or incurring liabilities in respect of any new pension 
arrangement, which in any case is material in the context of the Wider Benfield 
Group taken as a whole ; 
2.7.10save for transactions between Benfield and its wholly owned subsidiaries 
or between such wholly owned subsidiaries, implemented or effected, or 
authorised or announced its intention to implement or effect, any composition, 
assignment, reconstruction, amalgamation, commitment, scheme or other 
transaction or arrangement (other than the Amalgamation) otherwise than in the 
ordinary course of business, which in any case is material in the context of the 
Wider Benfield Group taken as a whole; 
2.7.11purchased, redeemed or repaid or announced any proposal to purchase, 
redeem or repay any of its own shares or other securities or reduced or, save in 
respect of the matters mentioned in sub paragraph 2.7.1 above, made any other 
change to any part of its share capital to an extent which (other than in the 
case of Benfield) is material in the context of the Wider Benfield Group taken 
as a whole; 
2.7.12save for transactions between Benfield and its wholly owned subsidiaries 
or between such wholly owned subsidiaries, waived or compromised any claim 
otherwise than in the ordinary course of business which is material in the

Page 45 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
context of the Wider Benfield Group taken as a whole; 
2.7.13made any alteration to its memorandum or articles of association or other 
incorporation documents (save in relation to the Amalgamation) which is material 
in the context of the Acquisition; 
2.7.14(other than in respect of a member which is dormant and was solvent at the 
relevant time) taken or proposed any steps, corporate action or had any legal 
proceedings instituted against it in relation to its winding up (voluntary or 
otherwise), dissolution, reorganisation or for the appointment of any 
administrator, receiver, administrative receiver, trustee or similar officer of 
all or any of its assets or revenues or any analogous proceedings in any 
jurisdiction or appointed any analogous person in any jurisdiction or had any 
such person appointed, which in any case is material in the context of the Wider 
Benfield Group taken as a whole; 
2.7.15been unable, or admitted in writing that it is unable, to pay its debts or 
having stopped or suspended (or threatened to stop or suspend) payment of its 
debts generally or ceased or threatened to cease carrying on all or a 
substantial part of its business, which in any case is material in the context 
of the Wider Benfield Group taken as a whole; or 
2.7.16entered into any contract, commitment, agreement or arrangement otherwise 
than in the ordinary course of business (other than the Amalgamation) or passed 
any resolution or made any offer (which remains open for acceptance) with 
respect to or announced an intention to, or to propose to, effect any of the 
transactions, matters or events referred to in this condition; 
2.8since 31 December 2007, and except as disclosed in the Interim Results or as 
publicly announced to a Regulatory Information Service by or on behalf of 
Benfield or as fairly disclosed by Benfield to Aon before the date of this 
announcement: 
2.8.1there having been no adverse change in the business, assets, financial or 
trading position or profits of any member of the Wider Benfield Group to an 
extent which is material to the Wider Benfield Group taken as a whole; 
2.8.2no litigation, arbitration proceedings, prosecution or other legal 
proceedings having been announced or instituted by or against or remaining 
outstanding against or in respect of any member of the Wider Benfield Group 
(whether as claimant or defendant or otherwise) and no enquiry or investigation 
by, or complaint or reference to, any Third Party against or in respect of any 
member of the Wider Benfield Group having been, announced or instituted against, 
or remaining outstanding in respect of, any member of the Wider Benfield Group 
which, in any such case, might reasonably be expected materially and adversely 
to affect the Wider Benfield Group taken as a whole; 
2.8.3no contingent or other liability having arisen or become known to Aon which 
might reasonably be expected adversely to affect the business, assets, financial 
or trading position or profits of any member of the Wider Benfield Group to an 
extent which is material to the Wider Benfield Group taken as a whole; and 
2.8.4no steps having been taken and no omissions having been made which might 
reasonably be expected to result in the withdrawal, cancellation, termination or 
modification of any licence held by any member of the Wider Benfield Group, 
which is necessary for the proper carrying on of its business and the 
withdrawal, cancellation, termination or modification of which is reasonably 
expected adversely to affect the Wider Benfield Group to an extent which is 
material to the Wider Benfield Group taken as a whole; 
2.9since 31 December 2007, and except as disclosed in the Interim Results or as 
publicly announced to a Regulatory Information Service by or on behalf of 
Benfield or as fairly disclosed by Benfield to Aon before the date of this 
announcement, Aon not having discovered: 
2.9.1that any financial, business or other information concerning the Wider 
Benfield Group publicly disclosed which is material in the context of the 
Amalgamation is misleading, contains a misrepresentation of fact or omits to 
state a fact necessary to make that information not misleading and which was not 
subsequently corrected before the date of this announcement by disclosure either 
publicly or otherwise to any member of the Wider Aon Group to an extent that is 
material in the context of the Amalgamation or the Wider Benfield Group taken as

Page 46 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
a whole; or 
2.9.2that any member of the Wider Benfield Group is subject to any liability, 
contingent or otherwise, which is not disclosed in the Annual Report and 
Accounts of Benfield or has not been publicly disclosed or disclosed in writing 
and which is material in the context of the Wider Benfield Group taken as a 
whole. 
Aon reserves the right to waive all or any of the above conditions, in whole or 
in part, except those in paragraph 1 above which are required under applicable 
law. 
The conditions in paragraph 2 above must be fulfilled, be determined by Aon to 
be or remain satisfied or (if capable of waiver) be waived by 11.59 pm on the 
date immediately preceding the Acquisition Effective Date, failing which the 
Acquisition will lapse. Aon shall be under no obligation to waive (if capable of 
waiver), to determine to be or remain satisfied or treat as fulfilled any of the 
conditions in paragraph 2 above by a date earlier than the date specified above, 
notwithstanding that the other conditions of the Acquisition may at such earlier 
date have been waived or fulfilled and that there are, at such earlier date, no 
circumstances indicating that any condition may not be capable of fulfilment. 
The Acquisition will be on the terms and will be subject, inter alia, to 
Conditions 1 and 2 and those terms which will be set out in the Shareholder 
Circular and such further terms as may be required to comply with the Listing 
Rules and/or the provisions of the Code. The Acquisition and Amalgamation will 
be governed by Bermudian law and will be subject to the jurisdiction of the 
Courts of Bermuda. 
3Certain further terms of the Acquisition 
Aon reserves the right to elect to implement the acquisition of the entire 
issued and to be issued common share capital of Benfield by way of a takeover 
offer as an alternative to the Amalgamation. In such event, the takeover offer, 
unless otherwise agreed by Aon and Benfield, will be implemented on the same 
terms (subject to appropriate amendments), so far as applicable, as those which 
would apply to the Amalgamation. In particular, Condition 1 would not apply, 
however, the Offer would be subject to the following further condition: 
"valid acceptances being received (and not, where permitted, withdrawn) by not 
[ 22-08-08 0647GMT ] 
later than 3.00 p.m. (London time) on the first closing date of the Offer (or 
such later time(s) and/or date(s) as 
Aon, may, subject to the rules of the Code, 
decide in respect of not less than 90 per cent. (or such lower percentage as Aon 
may decide) of the voting rights carried by the Benfield Shares to which the 
Offer relates, provided that this condition will not be satisfied unless Aon 
(together with its wholly owned subsidiaries, if any) shall have acquired or 
agreed to acquire (whether pursuant to the Offer or otherwise), directly or 
indirectly, Benfield Shares carrying in aggregate more than 50 per cent. of the 
voting rights then normally exercisable at a general meeting of Benfield." 
For the purposes of this condition: 
Benfield Shares which have been unconditionally allotted shall be deemed to 
carry the voting rights they will carry upon issue; 
Benfield Shares that cease to be held in treasury are Benfield Shares to which 
the Offer relates; and 
Section 102 of the Bermuda Companies Act shall apply. 
The availability of the Acquisition to persons not resident in the United 
Kingdom may be affected by the laws of the relevant jurisdictions. Persons who 
are not resident in the United Kingdom should inform themselves about and 
observe any applicable requirements. 
Any Benfield Shares acquired under the Acquisition will be acquired free from 
all liens, equities, charges, encumbrances, rights of pre-emption and other 
third party interests and rights and together with all rights now and hereafter 
attaching thereto, including voting rights and the right to receive and retain 
in full all dividends and other distributions (if any) declared, made or paid on

Page 47 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
or after the date of this announcement. 
APPENDIX 2 
BASES AND SOURCES AND OTHER INFORMATION 
1.The value attributed to the existing issued share capital of Benfield is based 
upon 210,717,667 Benfield Shares in issue as at 30 June 2008. The value 
attributed to the entire issued and to be issued share capital of Benfield is 
based upon the aggregate of (i) that number of Benfield Shares in issue, (ii) an 
additional 15,350,503 Benfield Shares issuable on the exercise of share options 
and (iii) an additional 15,151,151 Benfield Shares issuable pursuant to the 
conversion of Benfield's outstanding Convertible Redeemable Preference Shares at 
a conversion price of 264 pence per share. 
2.The financial information on Benfield is extracted (without material 
adjustment) from Benfield's annual report and accounts for the year ended 31 
December 2007 and from Benfield's unaudited preliminary results announcement for 
the six months ended 30 June 2008. 
3.The financial information on Aon is extracted or provided (without material 
adjustment) from the audited consolidated financial statements of Aon 
Corporation for the year ended 31 December 2007 and from Aon's unaudited 
preliminary results announcement for the three months ended 30 June 2008. 
4.All prices for Benfield Shares have been derived from the Daily Official List 
and represent the Closing Price on the relevant date. 
APPENDIX 3 
DETAILS OF IRREVOCABLE UNDERTAKINGS 
The following directors of Benfield have given irrevocable undertakings as 
described in paragraph 9 of this announcement in respect of the number of 
Benfield Shares set out below: 
+-----------+------------+------------+ 
| Name | Number | % of | 
| | of |Benfield's | 
| | Benfield | Issued | 
| | Shares | Share | 
| | | Capital | 
+-----------+------------+------------+ 
| Grahame |21,951,247 | 10.4% | 
| Chilton | | | 
+-----------+------------+------------+ 
| Dominic | 822,409 | 0.4% | 
| Christian | | | 
+-----------+------------+------------+ 
| John |14,125,000 | 6.7% | 
| Coldman | | | 
+-----------+------------+------------+ 
| Paul | 283,821 | 0.1% | 
| Karon | | | 
+-----------+------------+------------+ 
| John | 1,141,962 | 0.5% | 
| Whiter | | | 
+-----------+------------+------------+ 
| Total |38,324,439 | 18.2% | 
+-----------+------------+------------+ 
In addition, the directors of Benfield have agreed that the undertaking to 
approve the Acquisition at the Special General Meeting will extend to shares 
issued to them before the Acquisition becomes effective on the exercise of

Page 48 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
options. 
The following Benfield Shareholders who are not directors have given irrevocable 
undertakings as described in paragraph 9 of this announcement in respect of the 
number of Benfield Shares set out below: 
+---------+------------+------------+ 
| Name | Number | % of | 
| | of |Benfield's | 
| | Benfield | Issued | 
| | Shares | Share | 
| | | Capital | 
+---------+------------+------------+ 
| Rob | 239,489 | 0.1% | 
| Bredahl | | | 
+---------+------------+------------+ 
| Michael |15,000,000 | 7.1% | 
| Rees | | | 
+---------+------------+------------+ 
| Total |15,239,489 | 7.2% | 
| | | | 
+---------+------------+------------+ 
APPENDIX 4 
DEFINITIONS 
The following definitions apply throughout this announcement unless the context 
requires otherwise. 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Acquisition" | the proposed acquisition of Benfield by Aon to | 
| | be effected by means of the Amalgamation or, | 
| | should Aon so elect with the consent of the | 
| | Benfield Board (such consent not to be | 
| | materially withheld or delayed), by means of the | 
| | Offer which shall include any renewed or revised | 
| | offer made on or behalf of Aon, howsoever | 
| | implemented; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Acquisition Effective | either (i) the date upon which the Amalgamation | 
| Date" | becomes effective in accordance with its terms; | 
| | or (ii) if Aon elects with the consent of the | 
| | Benfield Board (such consent not to be | 
| | materially withheld or delayed) to implement the | 
| | Acquisition by way of the Offer, the date that | 
| | the Acquisition becomes or is declared | 
| | unconditional in all respects; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Affiliate" | in relation to a party, any person that directly | 
| | or indirectly, through one or more | 
| | intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or | 
| | is under common control with, the party, and for | 
| | these purposes a party shall be deemed to | 
| | control a person if such party possesses, | 
| | directly or indirectly, the power to direct or | 
| | cause the direction of the management | 
| | (including, without limitation, investment | 
| | management) and policies of the person, whether | 
| | through the ownership of voting securities, | 
| | control of voting rights, by contract or |

Page 49 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
| | otherwise; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Amalgamated Company" | the Bermuda exempted company resulting from the | 
| | Amalgamation; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Amalgamation" | the proposed amalgamation between Bidco and | 
| | Benfield under the Bermuda Companies Act to | 
| | effect the Acquisition, the full terms of which | 
| | will be set out in the Shareholder Circular; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Amalgamation Agreement" | the conditional agreement effecting the | 
| | Amalgamation to be entered into between Bidco | 
| | and Benfield; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Aon" | Aon Corporation | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Aon Group" | Aon, its holding companies, its subsidiaries and | 
| | the subsidiaries of its holding companies; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Authorisations" | authorisations, orders, grants, recognitions, | 
| | confirmations, consents, licences, clearances, | 
| | certificates, permissions or approvals; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Benfield" or "Company" | Benfield Group Limited, a company incorporated | 
| | under the laws of Bermuda with registered number | 
| | 31639 and having its registered office at | 
[ 22-08-08 0647GMT ] 
| | Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton, | 
| | HM11, Bermuda; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| " 
Benfield Group" | Benfield and its Group; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Benfield Shareholders" | holders of Benfield Shares from time to time; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Benfield Shares" | The common shares of Benfield each of par value | 
| | 1 pence; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Benfield Share Schemes" | the Benfield 1998 Share Option Scheme, the | 
| | Benfield 2002 Incentive Plan, the Benfield 2002 | 
| | Performance Incentive Plan for Californian | 
| | Employees, the Benfield 2003 Performance | 
| | Incentive Plan and the Benfield 2003 Performance | 
| | Incentive Plan for Californian Employees; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Benfield Shareholdings" | the holdings of the Benfield Shares held by the | 
| | relevant Benfield Shareholders; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Bermuda Companies Act" | The Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda, as amended; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Bidco" | the wholly owned subsidiary of Aon to be formed | 
| | as a Bermuda exempt company for the purposes of | 
| | the Acquisition; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Board" | the board of directors of Bidco or Benfield, as | 
| | the context may require; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Business Day" | any day, other than a Saturday, Sunday or public | 
| | or bank holiday, on which banks in Bermuda and |

Page 50 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
| | London are generally open for business; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Bye-Laws" | The bye-laws of Benfield from time to time; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Clearances" | all consents, clearances, permissions and | 
| | waivers as may be necessary or desirable (in the | 
| | reasonable opinion of Aon and Benfield) and all | 
| | filings and waiting periods as may be necessary | 
| | or desirable (in the reasonable opinion of Aon | 
| | and Benfield), from or under the laws, | 
| | regulations or practices applied by any Relevant | 
| | Authority in connection with the implementation | 
| | of, in each case to the extent relevant, the | 
| | Amalgamation or the Offer (including, but not | 
| | limited to any such consents, clearances, | 
| | permissions, waivers and all filing and waiting | 
| | periods as are set out in the Conditions) and | 
| | references to Clearances having been satisfied | 
| | shall be construed as meaning that the foregoing | 
| | have been obtained on terms satisfactory to | 
| | Benfield and Aon acting reasonably, or where | 
| | appropriate, made or expired; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "City Code or | The City Code on Takeovers and Mergers; | 
| Code" | | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Closing Price" | the closing middle market quotations for | 
| | a share derived from the Daily Official | 
| | List of the London Stock Exchange; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Conditions" | the conditions to the Acquisition set out in | 
| | Appendix 1 to this announcement; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Competing Proposal" | means any bona fide offer, business combination | 
| | or similar transaction which is proposed by a | 
| | third party which is not acting in concert (as | 
| | defined in the Code) with Bidco or Aon to | 
| | announce or implement an amalgamation, offer, | 
| | scheme of arrangement, merger or business | 
| | combination, acquisition or any similar | 
| | transaction, the purpose of which is to enable | 
| | that third party (or any other person) to | 
| | acquire all or a significant proportion (being | 
| | more than 25 per cent.) of the issued and to be | 
| | issued share capital of Benfield or the whole or | 
| | a significant part (being more than 25 per | 
| | cent.) of its business and assets, or as the | 
| | case may be any announcement thereof; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Credit Suisse" | Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) | 
| | Limited; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "CREST" | the relevant system (as defined in the | 
| | Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001) in | 
| | respect of which CRESTCo is the Operator (as | 
| | defined in the Uncertificated Securities | 
| | Regulations 2001); | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "CRESTCo" | Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Directors" or "Benfield | All of the directors of Benfield, as at the date |

Page 51 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
| "Directors" | of this announcement; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Effective Time" | the time on the Acquisition Effective Date at | 
| | which the Amalgamation shall become effective | 
| | pursuant to the Bermuda Companies Act; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Financial Services | The UK Financial Services Authority; | 
| Authority" | | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Form of Proxy" | the form of proxy for use at the Special General | 
| | Meeting which will accompany the Shareholder | 
| | Circular; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "FSMA" | the United Kingdom's Financial Services and | 
| | Markets Act 2000 (as amended); | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Group" | in relation to any person, that person and any | 
| | companies which are holding companies, | 
| | subsidiaries or Subsidiary Undertakings of it or | 
| | of any such holding company and Group Company | 
| | shall mean any one of them; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "IFRS" | The International Financial Reporting Standards | 
| | adopted by the International Accounting | 
| | Standards Board; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Implementation | the Implementation Agreement dated the date of | 
| Agreement" | this announcement between Aon and Benfield which | 
| | sets out various matters in relation to the | 
| | Acquisition; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Listing Rules" | the rules and regulations made by the Financial | 
[ 22-08-08 0647GMT ] 
| | Services Authority in its capacity as the UK | 
| | Listing Authority under the FSMA, and contained | 
| | in the UK Listing Authority's publication of the | 
| | same name; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Loan Note Alternative" | an alternative form of consideration payable by | 
| | 
Aon in respect of the Benfield Shares (other | 
| | than the Excluded Shares) whereby certain | 
| | Benfield Shareholders (other than certain | 
| | overseas Benfield Shareholders) may elect to | 
| | receive Loan Notes instead of all or part of the | 
| | consideration to which they would otherwise be | 
| | entitled under the Acquisition; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Loan Notes" | the loan notes of Aon which may be issued | 
| | pursuant to the Loan Note Alternative. | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "London Stock Exchange" | London Stock Exchange plc; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Long-Stop Effective | 5:00pm London time 180 days after the date of | 
| Date" | the announcement or such later date as Benfield | 
| | and Aon agree in writing; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Merrill Lynch" | Merrill Lynch International; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+

Page 52 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
| "Offer" | should Bidco elect, in accordance with the terms | 
| | of this announcement to effect the Acquisition | 
| | by way of an offer with the consent of the | 
| | Benfield Board (such consent not to be | 
| | materially withheld or delayed), the offer to be | 
| | made for all of the Benfield Shares (other than | 
| | Benfield Shares already held at the date of the | 
| | offer by, or by a nominee for, Bidco or any | 
| | subsidiary) on the terms and subject to the | 
| | conditions to be set out in the Offer Document | 
| | and in the related form of acceptance including, | 
| | where the context requires, any subsequent | 
| | revision, variation, extension or renewal | 
| | thereof; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Offer Document" | the document which would be despatched to | 
| | (amongst others) holders of Benfield Shares | 
| | pursuant to which the Offer, if any, would be | 
| | made; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Offer Value" | the total consideration payable by Bidco | 
| | pursuant to the Acquisition calculated by | 
| | reference to the price per Benfield Share | 
| | offered pursuant to the Acquisition; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Official List" | the Official List of the UK Listing Authority; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Regulatory Information | any information service authorised from time to | 
| Service" | time by the Financial Services Authority for the | 
| | purpose of disseminating regulatory | 
| | announcements; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Relevant Authority" | any court or competition, antitrust, national, | 
| | supranational or supervisory regulatory body or | 
| | other government, governmental, trade or | 
| | regulatory agency or body, in each case in any | 
| | jurisdiction and including, without limitation | 
| | the Bermuda Monetary Authority, the Japanese | 
| | Financial Services Authority, the Monetary | 
| | Authority of Singapore, the UK Listing Authority | 
| | and the Financial Services Authority; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| Representatives | the directors, officers, employees and | 
| | consultants of and individuals seconded to work | 
| | for Benfield, or other companies within the | 
| | Benfield Group; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Restricted Jurisdiction" | any jurisdiction where local laws or regulations | 
| | may result in a significant risk of civil, | 
| | regulatory or criminal exposure if information | 
| | concerning the Amalgamation, Acquisition or | 
| | Offer is sent or made available to Benfield | 
| | Shareholders in that jurisdiction; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Shareholder Circular" | the document to be sent to Benfield Shareholders | 
| | containing and setting out, among other things, | 
| | the terms and conditions of the Acquisition and | 
| | containing the notice convening the Special | 
| | General Meeting; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Special General Meeting" | the special general meeting of Benfield |

Page 53 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
| | Shareholders (and any adjournment thereof) to be | 
| | convened in connection with the Acquisition; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "subsidiary" | has the meaning ascribed to it under the United | 
| | Kingdom's Companies Act 1985 other than | 
| | paragraph 20(1)(b) of Schedule 4A to that Act | 
| | which shall be excluded for this purpose; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "substantial interest" | in respect of an entity means an interest of 20 | 
| | per cent. or more in the equity capital of such | 
| | entity; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Superior Proposal" | a Competing Proposal which the Directors acting | 
| | reasonably, in good faith in compliance with | 
| | their fiduciary duties and after consultation | 
| | with their legal and financial advisers are | 
| | minded to recommend; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Takeover Panel" | the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "UK" or "United Kingdom" | the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern | 
| | Ireland; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "UK Listing Authority" | the Financial Services Authority acting in its | 
| | capacity as the competent authority for listing | 
| | under Part VI of the Financial Services and | 
| | Markets Act 2000; | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Wider Benfield Group" | Benfield and the subsidiaries and subsidiary | 
| | undertakings of Benfield and its associated | 
| | undertakings (including any joint venture, | 
| | partnership, firm or company in which any member | 
| | of the Benfield Group has a substantial interest | 
| | or any undertaking in which Benfield and such | 
| | undertakings (aggregating their interests) have | 
| | a substantial interest); | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
| "Wider Aon Group" | Aon and the subsidiaries and subsidiary | 
[ 22-08-08 0647GMT ] 
| | undertakings of 
Aon and its associated | 
| | undertakings (including any joint venture, | 
| | partnership, firm or company in which any member | 
| | of the Aon Group has a substantial interest or | 
| | any undertaking in which Aon and such | 
| | undertakings (aggregating their interests) have | 
| | a substantial interest); and | 
+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ 
All references to time in this announcement are to London time unless otherwise 
stated. 
This information is provided by RNS 
The company news service from the London Stock Exchange 
END 
OFFQLLBLVVBZBBF

Page 54 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
[ 22-08-08 0647GMT ] 
Document RNS0000020080822e48m0004e

Page 55 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
2nd UPDATE: US Aon Corp To Buy UK Benfield Group For GBP844M 
2nd UPDATE: US Aon Corp To Buy UK Benfield Group For GBP844M 
752 words 
22 August 2008 
07:21 
Dow Jones International News 
DJI 
English 
(c) 2008 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
(Adds detail and comment.) 
By Vladimir Guevarra 
DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
LONDON (Dow Jones)--U.S. insurance brokerage Aon Corp. (AOC) Friday said it will acquire U.K. reinsurance 
broker Benfield Group Ltd. (BFD.LN) for GBP844 million in an effort to boost the expertise and global reach of its 
reinsurance operations. 
The agreed deal is worth 350 pence a share and represents a 29% premium to Benfield's closing share price on 
Thursday of 271 pence. It gives Benfield an enterprise value of GBP935 million, including GBP91 million of debt. 
The deal is the latest in a round of consolidation that just 10 weeks ago saw Aon's rival, U.K.-based Willis Group 
Holdings Ltd. (WSH), buy Hilb Rogal & Hobbs Co. (HRH) for GBP2.1 billion. 
The news sent Benfield's shares soaring. At 1105 GMT, the stock was up 79 pence, or 29%, at 350 pence, the 
biggest gainer in London's FTSE 250 index. 
In a statement, Aon said that Benfield will be integrated with Aon's existing reinsurance business, Aon Re Global, 
and will operate under the newly created AonBenfield Re brand. 
It said Benfield will help create "an unparalleled reinsurance franchise with global reach" and diverse product 
capability. 
"Over the past several years, we have made significant progress in strengthening Aon's operational platform and 
global network," said Greg Case, president and chief executive of Aon. 
"With AonBenfield Re, we will build on this progress to further enhance organic growth, expand margins, and 
drive shareholder value," Case said. 
Aon has already received commitments from Benfield shareholders representing 25.4% of Benfield's shares. It 
plans to fund the transaction through cash on hand. 
Benfield Chief Executive Grahame Chilton said his company's board believes that the offer from Aon provides 
Benfield's shareholders with "fair and certain value." 
"We look forward to joining the Aon team and working with them as AonBenfield Re to expand our joint expertise 
and local reach to customers around the world," Chilton said. 
Aon and Benfield both have large operations in London, but Case and Chilton said the combined size of their 
offering in London, one of the world's biggest financial centers, was one of the attractions of the deal and they 
want to expand there, not contract. 
Aon said it expects the acquisition to be accretive to earnings per share. 
Aon Chief Financial Officer Christa Davies told Dow Jones Newswires: "It is accretive on year one, 0.4% accretive 
in 2009, 5% accretive in 2010 and 7.1% in 2011, excluding special charges."

Page 56 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
The two companies said that their deal is expected to generate GBP65 million in annual cost savings when it is 
"fully phased-in" in 2011. These savings will come from shared administrative and support services across both 
Aon Re Global and Benfield. 
"As you put two global organizations together, you're clearly going to have different overlaps. We will look and 
evaluate those ... What we're doing from a cost standpoint won't be focused solely on Benfield or Aon," Aon CEO 
Case told Dow Jones. 
He didn't elaborate on expected job cuts. 
ABN Amro analyst Joanna Parsons said the planned merger "is a good deal for Benfield shareholders." Parsons 
said the move was not completely surprising because Aon and Benfield are believed to have had talks in the 
past. 
In June, some analysts said they didn't expect any major acquisition to immediately follow the Willis-HRH deal, 
partially because the two biggest players in the market, Marsh & McLennan Cos. (MMC) and Aon, were 
preoccupied with restructuring plans. 
Aon in February said it is integrating its worldwide risk and insurance brokerage operations into a single global 
business. In October last year, it said it planned to cut 2,700 jobs as part of its restructuring. 
Benfield's Chilton, who will become vice-chairman of Aon Group when the deal closes by year-end, said further 
industry consolidation may be expected. 
"If you look at the insurance broking arena, we'll see small and medium-sized consolidation carrying on at pace. I 
can't talk in terms of the large ones," he said. 
Credit Suisse (CS) acted as financial adviser to Aon, while Benfield was advised by Merrill Lynch (MER). 
Company Web site: 
www.aon.comwww.benfieldgroup.com 
-By Vladimir Guevarra, Dow Jones Newswires, Tel. +44 (0) 2078429486, 
vladimir.guevarra@dowjones.com 
[ 22-08-08 1121GMT ] 
Document DJI0000020080822e48m000f8

Page 57 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Aon to buy Benfield Group in £844 million deal 
Aon to buy Benfield Group in £844 million deal 
538 words 
22 August 2008 
Citywire 
CWIRE 
English 
(c) 2008 Citywire.co.uk. All Rights Reserved. 
S & P code for assoc. stock..: E:BFD 
US Aon Corporation has agreed to an £844 million deal to snap upreinsurance firmBenfield Group. 
Aon will acquire Benfield for £3.50 per share and assume £91 million in net debt. The price represents a 29% 
premium to last night's closing price. 
Aon intends to integrate the Benfield business with its existing reinsurance operations (Aon Re Global) and 
operate the division globally under the newly created Aon Benfield Re brand. 
The transaction is expected to close by the end of 2008, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory 
approvals as well as approval by Benfield shareholders.Aon has received commitments from Benfield 
shareholders representing approximately 25.4% of Benfield's outstanding shares to vote in favour of the 
transaction. 
Aonintends to fund the transaction through cash on hand. The transaction is not subject to a financing 
contingency. 
Following the transaction, Benfield chief executive Grahame Chilton (pictured)will serve as vice chairman of Aon 
Group, reporting to Greg Case, whowill remain aschief executive officer of the group. 
Chilton will join the Aon Corporation executive committee and the Aon Benfield Re executive committee. Michael 
O'Halleran and Andrew Appel will serve as executive chairman and chief executive officer, respectively, of Aon 
Benfield Re. Appel will alsocontinue to serve as chairman, Aon Consulting Worldwide. 
Aon Corporation president and chief executive Greg Case said:'This agreement reflects our ongoing efforts to 
ensure that Aon's colleagues, capabilities and technology remain at the forefront of our industry and that we 
provide the best value for our clients.' 
'Over the past several years, we have made significant progress in strengthening Aon's operational platform and 
global network, becoming a more client-focused organization with a broader portfolio of innovative products and 
services.With Aon Benfield Re, we will build on this progress to further enhance organic growth, expand margins, 
and drive shareholder value.' 
Benfield chief executive officer, Grahame Chilton, added:'We are excited by this unique opportunity to create a 
powerful global franchise capable of expanding and redefining innovative reinsurance and capital market 
solutions.' 
'At the same time, the Benfield board believes that the offer provides Benfield's shareholders with fair and 
certain value.We look forward to joining the Aon team and working with them as Aon Benfield Re to expand our 
joint expertise and local reach to customers around the world.' 
The transaction is expected to generate approximately £65 million in annual cost savings fully 
phased-induring2011, primarily from shared administrative and support services across both Aon Re Global and 
Benfield 
Aon highlighted a number of benefits from the merger. 
These include both firm's focus on developing markets, including Asia, Central and Eastern Europe, Africa and 
Latin America.

Page 58 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Other positives include access to Benfield's global analytics, modelling and client facing technology, 
On a pro forma basis, Aon Benfield Re will serve the majority of insurance and reinsurance carriers globally. Aon 
expects the new and expanded client relationships afforded by the combination to support continued growth. 
Aon expects strong operating cash flows following the transaction to continue to support the company's capital 
allocation priorities including, among others, its share repurchase program. 
Document CWIRE00020080822e48m000b7

Page 59 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Reinsurance Brokerage Leader Aon to Acquire Benfield 
Reinsurance Brokerage Leader Aon to Acquire Benfield 
919 words 
22 August 2008 
Best's Insurance News 
AMBEST 
English 
Copyright 2008 (c) A.M. Best Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
LONDON (BestWire) - Aon Corp. plans to acquire London-based reinsurance broker Benfield Group Ltd. in a 
935 million pound (1.17 billion euro) deal that would create a “premier reinsurance franchise with [a] global 
reach,” according to Aon. 
Aon will pay 3.50 pounds in cash for each share of Benfield. It will also assume 91 million pounds of Benfield net 
debt. 
The acquisition was approved unanimously by the boards of directors of both companies, Aon said. The price 
converts into a premium of 29% above Benfield’s Aug. 21 closing price of 271 pence (3.39 euros). Benfield’s 
price had shot up 29.9% by the morning of Aug. 22, reaching 352.25 pence. 
Benfield (LSE: BFD) is to become part of Aon Re Global and to be known as AonBenfield Re. 
Grahame Chilton, Benfield’s chief executive officer, will become vice chairman of Aon Group. He will report to 
Greg Case, CEO of Aon Corp. 
Michael O’Halleran, who is executive chairman of Aon Re Global, will become executive chairman of 
AonBenfield Re. Andrew Appel, CEO of Aon Re Global, will become CEO of AonBenfield Re and will remain as 
chairman of Aon Consulting Worldwide. 
Aon (NYSE: AOC) is currently the top insurance broker in the world, with 2007 brokerage revenue of $6.1 billion 
(4.1 billion euros), according to Best's Review's annual broker rankings. Its Aon Global Re unit is the top 
reinsurance broker worldwide, with 2007 brokerage revenue of $958 million. Best's Review ranks Benfield as the 
world's third-largest reinsurance broker, with 2007 brokerage revenue of $656.7 million. 
Aon spokesman David Prosperi said in a telephone interview from Chicago that Benfield has “a very strong 
reputation and standing in the business. They’re known for excellent client service. They’ve got a tremendous 
analytics capability. And they’ve got a pretty good track record of innovation.” 
The acquisition, which will require both regulatory and Benfield shareholder approval, is expected to be 
completed by the end of this year, Aon said. Aon said it has received the assent of the owners of 25.4% of 
Benfield’s outstanding shares. 
Prosperi said Aon does not expect any monopoly issues to arise from the acquisition. He said the company has 
been in contact with the U.K. Financial Services Authority and the U.S. Department of Justice. “And we expect to 
be able to answer all their questions to their satisfaction,” he said. 
Aon said it will use available cash to pay for the deal will not rely on “a financing contingency.” 
Aon expects the acquisition to generate about 65 million pounds in phased-in annual cost savings, taking full 
effect in 2011. This will be achieved, Aon said, by sharing administrative and support functions. 
Aon described Benfield’s reinsurance capabilities as “highly complementary” to its own. Benfield, Aon said, has 
strengths in such areas as global market development, analytics and technology, operational efficiencies and 
cash flows. 
Internationally, both groups are seeking growth in such territories as Asia, Eastern and Central Europe, Latin 
America and Africa. Aon said. Aon cited Benfield’s strength in Japan.

Page 60 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Prosperi said Aon views reinsurance as “a market of opportunity for us.” Asked about a possible drift by some 
reinsurance customers into the higher levels of retention and toward the capital markets, Prosperi said: “We’re 
looking at this as a long-term transaction. Everybody is talking about a soft market, but we don’t look at things on 
a quarter-by-quarter basis.” 
Benfield, Aon said, has “client-facing technology” that has enabled it to establish a distinctive space in the 
market. Aon pointed to the use of Benfield’s ReMetrics in the property-catastrophe sector in Florida and the 
Southeastern United States. 
Aon plans to continue with its share buyback program, which had reached $3.7 billion in repurchases as of Aug. 
7, 2008. The initiative, which is to continue until the end of 2009, is due to make about $900 million more in 
purchases. 
Benfield also brings important major accounts, Aon said. “On a pro forma basis, AonBenfield Re will serve the 
majority of insurance and reinsurance carriers globally,” Aon said. 
Greg Case, Aon’s president and chief executive officer, said Benfield shares Aon’s “focus on excellence in client 
service,” and its determination to attract talent. 
“This agreement reflects our ongoing efforts to ensure that Aon’s colleagues, capabilities and technology remain 
at the forefront of our industry and that we provide the best value for our clients,” Case said in a statement. “Over 
the past several years, we have made significant progress in strengthening Aon’s operational platform and global 
network, becoming a more client-focused organization with a broader portfolio of innovative products and 
services.” 
Chilton said the deal provides Benfield’s shareholders with “fair and certain value.” 
“We are excited by this unique opportunity to create a powerful global franchise capable of expanding and 
redefining innovative reinsurance and capital market solutions,” Chilton said in a statement. 
O’Halleran expressed his “significant respect and admiration” for Benfield and said he looked forward to working 
to combine the strengths of the two groups. 
Prosperi would not be drawn on possible job losses. “It’s premature to speculate on whether there’s going to be 
any activity on jobs,” he said. 
(By Robert O'Connor, London editor: Robert.OConnor@ambest.com) 
BN-NJ-08-22-2008 1122 ET # 
118531 
Document AMBEST0020080822e48m0008d

Page 61 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
FEATURE - Broker mergers set scene for industry shift. 
FEATURE - Broker mergers set scene for industry shift. 
By Nick Edwards 
1,081 words 
22 January 1998 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1998 Reuters Limited 
SINGAPORE, Jan 22 (Reuters) - Mergers totalling US$4 billion during 1997 have transformed the world's top 
insurance brokers, created two vast powerhouses and opened a chasm between them and their rivals, but bigger 
changes are yet to come, executives say. 
Acquisitions that have confounded analysts, erased some of the oldest names in the industry and created a new 
top 10 firms have been a crude quest for market share, they add. 
And it will be only with the next wave of consolidation that the new face of the global insurance broking industry 
will begin to emerge from behind its mask of frenzied buying activity. 
"What we've seen so far has been a case of pursuing sheer size and power, dominating distribution channels and 
dominating markets, for the real mega brokers," Dieter Losse, deputy chairman of Benfield Greig Group, told 
Reuters. 
"We haven't yet seen the impact of all the rationalisation that is going on in the broking market," said Losse whose 
company is itself the product of a November 1997, 120 million pound ($3.2 billion) merger between two 
London-based reinsurance brokers. 
"There has got to be a move to drive out costs. I think we will see some of that impact in the first quarter of 1998 
and definitely in the first half," Losse said. 
"It is going to change so much it's almost impossible to say where the industry will be in 12 to 24 months," he 
said. 
MERGERS CREATED GIANTS 
Aon Corp set the mega-merger ball rolling with a string of acquisitions including a US$1.2 billion buy-out of 
Alexander & Alexander Inc, concluded in early 1997, while arch rival Marsh & McLennan struck a US$1.8 billion 
deal to buy Johnson & Higgins. 
The deals created two giant groups, way above their nearest rivals, with vast insurance buying power. 
The top two have combined revenues of some US$9.5 billion (Marsh & McLennan about US$5.5 and Aon about 
US$4.0). The next eight biggest public firms combine at about US$4.5 billion. 
Consolidation at the top sparked activity lower down as rivals attempted to cut costs, add value or beef up market 
share to retain clients lured by the sheer buying power of the giants. 
A raft of smaller deals among mainly London-based firms merged Benfield with Greig Fester, Lowndes Lambert 
with Fenchurch and Jardine with Lloyd Thompson. 
In part, the mergers reflect earlier consolidations among insurers and reinsurers, and a certain capital level is now 
required among wholesale brokers to be seen as credible players. 
But analysts doubt that the top two firms have the appetite to swallow any more billion dollar deals -- a must if 
they were to bid for either Sedgwick Group or Willis Corroon, the third and fourth biggest brokers and flagged by 
many as potential targets.

Page 62 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"Rumours that the big four might become only the big two seem to have died down," said one London broking 
executive. 
"Although the possibility exists, I think their interests will be in picking up brokers in areas of the world where they 
are not well represented or specialist brokers that would be worth adding to their portfolios," he added. 
It is certainly a strategy that Willis has been quietly following, with recent deals in Europe, Asia and Latin America. 
VALUE ADDED BLINKERED BY BUY-OUTS 
But merger mania has at times made companies lose sight of the need to add value for clients, one senior broker 
said. 
"We've spent too much time running around to satisfy the short term view of analysts. What we really should be 
doing is devising innovative programmes for clients," she said. 
Exploiting niche innovations was seen as the last resort of the small firms fighting to compete with the bigger 
players, but deals like the Benfield-Greig merger which created the world's biggest reinsurance broker, there is 
profit to be found in niches. 
"The big firms can see the profit potential in the niches and are beginning to segment their businesses to compete 
there too," said Chris Klein, director, insurance at Fitch IBCA. 
Aon chief Pat Ryan says the company has an acquisitive eye, but that it roves selectively. 
Letting the dust settle among second tier players and then picking off key parts of strugglers could be the 
strategy. 
"It's easier and cheaper to take a team from another broker rather than buy a whole firm," one broker said. 
Change could be accelerated by a drop in premium volume, the measure against which brokers earn commission 
income, as January renewals saw rates fall at least 15 percent for the fourth year. 
Clients also spend less on traditional insurance and more on alternatives -- captives, bonds, futures and options. 
Conning & Co estimates 55 percent of U.S. Fortune 1,000 companies' premiums go to the alternative risk transfer 
market and brokers must be able to plan such programmes to remain competitive. 
CROSSING TRADITIONAL BARRIERS 
Insurers have already begun crossing traditional barriers. 
Allianz and AXA have ambitions to be global players in asset management, Zurich Group has bank interests and 
Travelers Group's US$9 billion takeover of banker Salomon Inc last year provided another clue about the future 
shape of the market. 
"The nature of insurance and the whole financial sector is changing. The next big deal will not necessarily be 
between two brokers. All you need is a big capital provider," said one London market broking executive who 
declined to be identified. 
The US$320 million buyout of U.S. broker Acordia in August 1997, backed by investment firms Knightsbridge 
Capital and Wand Partners is further evidence of that, said Fitch IBCA's Klein. 
"I could certainly see insurance brokers broadening their services where no conflict exists with insurers or 
insureds and I don't see any immediate conflicts in that area," Klein said. 
"It could be a logical step," he added. 
Perhaps more so as corporate financiers struggle with their own consolidation into wholesale financial services 
warehouses. 
"If a merchant bank is doing a lot of the underwriting of commercial paper for insurance companies active in 
issuing these notes, then acquiring their own insurance intermediary might be something for them to consider," 
Klein said. ((Nick Edwards, Singapore newsroom, +65 870 3011 Fax +65 776 8112 email 
nick.edwards@reuters.com)) ($ = 0.616 British Pounds)

Page 63 of 63 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
(c) Reuters Limited 1998 
Document lba0000020010925du1m03zuw 
Search Summary 
Text case AND Benfield 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2009 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Aon Plc 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

