Page 1 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
MERRILL LYNCH WILL CONSIDER BUYING EUROPE FUND MANAGER. ................................................................2 
THE HERD THUNDERS QUIETLY - ANALYSIS............................................................................................................3 
MERRILL LYNCH AND SNC IN TAKEOVER DEAL.......................................................................................................5 
MERRILL'S #526M SNC BID CREATES WORLD'S LARGEST EQUITIES TRADER. ..................................................6 
BRITISH BROKER GOES WEST. ..................................................................................................................................9 
Britain's SNC opts for Merrill in broker takeover............................................................................................................11 
Merrill Lynch buys British broker Smith New Court. ......................................................................................................13 
SNC says Merrill marriage "perfect fit". .........................................................................................................................15 
Merrill Lynch buys British broker Smith New Court. ......................................................................................................16 
Merrill buying U.K. broker at steep price. ......................................................................................................................18 
MOVE HIGHLIGHTS MERRILL'S EUROPE PUSH. .....................................................................................................20

Page 2 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
MERRILL LYNCH WILL CONSIDER BUYING EUROPE FUND MANAGER. 
MERRILL LYNCH WILL CONSIDER BUYING EUROPE FUND MANAGER. 
By NICHOLAS DENTON and NORMA COHEN. 
449 words 
19 September 1995 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
19 
English 
(c) 1995 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
Merrill Lynch, one of the largest managers of money for retail clients in the US, will consider a European 
acquisition as part of the investment bank's plans to diversify internationally, particularly into the institutional 
market. 
'We would look for an institutional money manager which also had a capability in the international marketplace,' 
Mr Daniel Tully, Merrill chairman, said yesterday in an interview. The type of fund manager most likely to interest 
Merrill would be based in the UK or Switzerland, although organic growth in fund management is possible. There 
are no talks and Merrill Lynch has no particular target in mind. 
Merrill would face no constraint of capital in making an acquisition and believes it could spend $3bn (#1.9bn) 
without tapping shareholders. It paid cash to acquire Smith New Court, the UK investment bank, for #526m in 
July and has bought back stock in the past two years. 
However, investment consultants note Merrill may have difficulty purchasing a large fund manager. Mergers in 
that industry are fragile and the most attractive companies in the UK or Europe are not for sale. Merrill bid for the 
asset management business of Barings, the UK merchant bank acquired by ING, and had considered purchasing 
Wells Fargo Nikko Investment Management, recently acquired by Barclays Bank of the UK. 
Merrill executives said it planned to expand equity operations in Europe through both acquisition and organic 
growth. It wanted to compete for purely domestic business as privatisations involving cross-border transactions 
wind down. 
Merrill's expansion of fund management activities is in line with other US and European investment banks 
because it provides a stable income to cushion other volatile profits. 
The increasing tendency of large US pension funds to diversify assets abroad has led US money managers to 
develop or buy international fund expertise. 
Merrill has a strong record in US fund management. Its flagship $31bn Cash Management Account ranked in the 
top 20% of money market funds over the past five years and many other mutual funds rank in the top half, 
according to performance measurer Lipper Analytical Services. Merrill Lynch has roughly $180bn under 
management, almost all of it the funds of private individuals. Of that, $76bn is in money market mutual funds 
which attract lower fees. Less than $20bn of Merrill's fund management assets are those of large institutions such 
as pension funds. Money management and portfolio services provided about 18% of Merrill's $2.5bn in net 
revenues for the second quarter of 1995 and it said it would like that to be higher. 
Lex, Page 18 
(c) The Financial Times Limited 1995. 
Document ftft000020011103dr9j00dbn

Page 3 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
THE HERD THUNDERS QUIETLY - ANALYSIS. 
THE HERD THUNDERS QUIETLY - ANALYSIS. 
By Richard Thomson. 
655 words 
25 July 1995 
The Times 
T
English 
© 1995 Times Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 
It probably came as a surprise to many people in Smith New Court, let alone outside the firm, to discover that in 
becoming part of Merrill Lynch they were joining the world's biggest stockbroker. 
Merrill has advanced across the globe, if not by stealth, at least quietly and methodically. It has not trumpeted its 
arrivals in the way some of the other US investment banks have. There is something oddly low-key about Merrill. 
Yet the firm towers over the US stock market like a colossus. It is responsible for about 10% of the trading on the 
New York Stock Exchange and about 12% on Nasdaq, the over-the-counter market. After its link with Smith New 
Court, Merrill's position in foreign traded stocks in the US will be even more dominant, with 21% of trading 
compared with its nearest rival, Goldman Sachs, which has 9.8% of the market. 
Merrill's pre-eminent domestic position and its quiet expansion abroad enabled it to claim that it was the world 
largest equity underwriter last year. It has more than 500 offices in 38 countries. The company believes that the 
SNC deal, moreover, allows it instant access to developing markets such as South Africa, Malaysia and Thailand 
that it would have taken Merrill years to achieve on its own. 
So where has this global behemoth come from? Its origins lie in the hard graft of retail broking in Main Street 
America. Merrill dates its birth from the formation of a firm called Burrill and Housman in 1885, selling equity 
investments to America's burgeoning middle class. Early this century, Messrs Charles Merrill and Edmund Lynch 
appeared on the scene and the name Merrill Lynch was first used in 1914. 
For the next 60 years, the firm assiduously cultivated its retail franchise, the dentists, doctors and lawyers of 
middle America. It now claims 13,500 retail financial consultants worldwide although, in practice, most are in the 
US. When Merrill decided the market was a buy, the sound of hundreds of thousands of investors could be heard 
piling into equities (which is why Merrill is frequently referred to as the Thundering Herd its logo is a bull). 
In the 1970s, however, the character of the firm began to change from a purely retail broker to a Wall Street 
investment bank. First, it bought Goodbody & Co, a failing US Wall Street broker. Then, it purchased White Weld, 
the investment bank, and parts of another investment bank, AG Becker. By the mid-1980s, Merrill was expanding 
rapidly abroad, including in London. 
The SNC purchase fits the pattern. Before the deal, both firms vied for fourth place in world equity research 
rankings. The combined group will be undisputed leader. 
This shift in character is reflected in the top management of the firm. Daniel Tully, the chairman and chief 
executive, is a dyed-in-the-wool career Merrill employee who made his way up the ranks of the retail brokerage. 
However, David Komanski, president and chief operating officer and Tully's designated successor has spent the 
past ten years on the capital markets and institutional side of the business. His experience of both retail and 
wholesale operations is one of his chief qualifications for the top job. 
The group's firm retail base gives it far more stable earnings than, say, Salomon Brothers or Goldmans, which 
rely heavily on the uncertainties of proprietary trading for profits. It also gives it the financial firepower to pay the 
fancy price it has offered for SNC, 26 times last year's earnings, which some on Wall Street believe is excessive. 
But Merrill is not deterred. Its global expansion is on track and having earned profits of $1bn last year, when many 
other investment banks were struggling, and $51Om in the first half of this year, money is not a problem. The 
herd thunders on. 
Document t000000020011104dr7p00o9h

Page 4 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.

Page 5 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
MERRILL LYNCH AND SNC IN TAKEOVER DEAL. 
MERRILL LYNCH AND SNC IN TAKEOVER DEAL. 
392 words 
22 July 1995 
Lloyd's List International 
LL 
English 
(c) 1995 of Lloyd's of London Press Limited 
SMITH New Court, one of London's last independent stockbrokers, looks set to be taken over by Merrill Lynch, 
the US merchant banking giant, after both companies announced the terms of an agreed cash offer. 
Merrill Lynch's offer for Smith New Court values it at #526.3m ($841.1m) and comes after a week of long talks. 
Smith New Courth had also been in talks with Germany's Commerzbank, which yesterday confirmed it had pulled 
out of the talks after being frustrated by Smith New Court's apparent inability to decide whether to go with the 
German bank or Merrill Lynch. 
Smith New Court is recommending shareholders accept the offer in respect of 2.8m ordinary shares and 45,229 
convertible shares. 
The Rothschild Group, Smith's biggest shareholder, has also undertaken to accept the offers in respect of its 
18.5m ordinary share holding and its 12m convertible shareholding. Merrill Lynch has already received 
irrevocable undertakings for 33.1% of the fully-diluted share capital of Smith New Court. 
Merrill Lynch Investments is offering 560p per ordinary share and 270.5p per convertible share. The ordinary 
offer represents a multiple of 25.2 times Smith New Court's fully-diluted earnings per share of 22.2p for the year 
to April 28 1995, and a multiple of 2.2 times Smith New Court's fully-diluted consolidated net asset value of 
249.2p per share at the end of April. 
The move is a significant step in Merrill Lynch's European growth plans, and marks a further advancement in its 
aim to be a world leader in investment banking. 
Daniel Tully, Merrill's chairman and chief executive, said: "By combining Merrill Lynch's global resources with 
Smith New Court's experience and relationships in non-US equity markets we expect to increase our business 
around the world." 
Michael Marks, the chairman of Smith New Court will be joining Merrill Lunch's executive management 
committee. He said: "They are a perfect fit. This combination allows Smith New Court clients and employees to 
enjoy instantly the benefits of global equity leadership." 
The deal brings to a close months of speculation that Smith New Court was seeking a takeover. Yesterday the 
stock closed up 29p at 546p. 
(c) of Lloyd's of London Press Limited 1995. 
Document ll00000020011103dr7m006fs

Page 6 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
MERRILL'S #526M SNC BID CREATES WORLD'S LARGEST EQUITIES TRADER. 
MERRILL'S #526M SNC BID CREATES WORLD'S LARGEST EQUITIES TRADER. 
857 words 
22 July 1995 
The Independent - London 
IND 
18 
English 
(c) 1995 Independent Newspapers (UK) Limited . All rights reserved. This material may not be published, 
distributed or exploited in any way. 
_F By David Hellier and John Willcock. 
US investment giant Merrill Lynch last night bought London stockbroker Smith New Court in an agreed deal 
worth #526.3m. Merrill, already the largest stockbroker in America, claimed the deal created the world's largest 
equities trader. 
The agreement shut out any rival offer from the German bank Commerzbank, which was thought to be a serious 
rival, but withdrew from the talks on Thursday. 
An offer by Commerzbank was the preferred choice of the less senior Smiths staff because they considered their 
jobs to be safer. In a statement yesterday, Merrill guaranteed them merely the legal minimum comfort but said it 
did not see any large-scale job cuts. 
Vital to the Merrill deal was the decision by bankers NM Rothschild to side with Merrill after the price was raised 
during negotiations. The bank will now get #136m for its 27.4 per cent stake in Smiths. 
Smiths, a risk-taking securities trader with 20 per cent of London's market-making business, is the fifth British 
investment house to fall to foreign ownership this year. 
Merrill said it was offering 560p per ordinary share which represents 2.4 times Smith's book value. Merrill 
admitted at press conferences held simultaneously in London and New York that it was a "full price". A counter 
offer is now thought unlikely. 
Sir Evelyn de Rothschild's family merchant bank has made a profit of #132m on the deal, having bought the stake 
in Smith ten years ago for #4m. 
Sir Evelyn had been angered when Smiths did not consult him over their initial talks with Merrill, which they 
revealed last week. He only gave his consent to the Merrill bid yesterday morning. 
Commerzbank, the German bank, dropped out of rival bid talks with Smiths on Thursday. A spokesman said 
yesterday: "We came to the conclusion that the majority of senior SNC people felt more comfortable doing a deal 
with Merrill Lynch." Michael Marks, chairman, told his staff at a hastily called meeting yesterday afternoon: "We 
are now the biggest and best broking operation in the world." 
Daniel Tully, Merrill's chairman and chief executive officer, said in New York: "The combination will create the 
largest equity securities organisation in the world - with leadership positions in origination, market-making, 
distribution and research." 
Another Merrill's spokesman said the two firms' operations were "amazingly complimentary and there would be 
very few redundancies". 
Merrill said it had received irrevocable undertakings to accept the offer in respect of 33.1 per cent of Smiths' 
shares. Smith shares surged 29p to 546p. 
Smiths' 38-strong board could receive well over #30m if they cash in their shares and share options for the 560p 
bid price. Michael Marks stands to make roughly #3m from his fully paid shares, although he has no options. 
According to Smith's last annual report, Michael Dritz, the director who is in charge of the American operations, 
stands to benefit the most, with the prospect of making nearly #5m from both shares and share-options.

Page 7 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Mr Tully said that Merrill had first identified Smith more than a year ago as a suitable partner, but formal negot 
iations were started more recently. 
"As soon as we began talking to them, there was an immediate bond of trust. We found we shared common 
values and a common philosophy for conducting business," he said. 
One clear stumbling block during the negotiations was the stance taken by Sir Evelyn de Rothschild. Mr Marks, 
Smith's chairman, admitted yesterday that there had been "some emotional ups and downs" during the talks, but 
added: "It was a real pleasure working with the Merrill Lynch team." 
Sir Evelyn has not been able to extract any formal link-up with Merrill, which analysts feel could leave NM 
Rothschild exposed. But Herbert Allison, head of combined corporate and institutional business at Merrill, said: 
"We will assist NM Rothschild in any way we can. We have yet to get down to the detail but we are excited about 
the prospects of broadening our relationships." 
David Komansky, Merrill's president and chief executive officer added that the firms had co-lead many equity 
offerings and Merrills were looking forward to expanding that in future. 
Jerome Kenney, a Merrill director, said the price being paid, 2.4 times book value, was justified on forecast of 
expected growth. There would cash programmes and share options to incentivise Smiths staff. 
"We will encourage them to stay with us. We are not looking for a high degree of turnover," he said. 
Mr Marks denied he had used Commerzbank simply as a stalking horse in the bid talks. 
Merrill Lynch 
Employees: 43,800 
Chairman: Daniel P. Tully 
Chief Operating Officer: 
David H. Komansky 
Turnover: $18.2bn 
Profits: $1.01bn 
Assets under management: 
$164bn 
Total stockholders' equity: 
$5bn 
Operations: Corporate finance, 
Fund management, 
Equity markets 
Private clients 
Investment banking 
Bonds. 
Recent embarrassments: 
Orange County 
Derivatives 
Recent success:

Page 8 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Ranked first in 
Institutional Investor 
poll for bond 
research 
Nickname: 
The Thundering Herd David Komansky sees a bright future Photograph: Edward Sykes. 
Document ind0000020011103dr7m0060x

Page 9 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
BRITISH BROKER GOES WEST. 
BRITISH BROKER GOES WEST. 
By Patrick Donovan City Editor. 
617 words 
22 July 1995 
The Guardian 
GRDN 
38 
English 
(c) 1995 
MERRILL Lynch, the Wall Street group nicknamed the "thundering herd", yesterday seized control of City 
stockbroker Smith New Court after knocking rival bidder Commerzbank out of the running with a #526.3m offer. 
The takeover, which represents the latest of a series in which British independent brokers have been bought out 
by foreign buyers, gave Merrill the chance to establish itself as a fully fledged European broker, said chairman 
Daniel Tully. 
Mr Tully, who signed the deal at about 6am yesterday, said that the merger would create "the biggest equity 
securities organisation in the world" with a leading position in market-making, sales and research. 
The deal has been accepted by investment bank NM Rothschild, the biggest shareholder in SNC with a holding of 
nearly 26%, after being told the terms of the offer at a board meeting early yesterday. 
Promising that job losses would be "minimal", Mr Tully added that combining SNC broking strengths with Merrill's 
leading presence in investment banking and the US markets would make the firm one of the strongest players in 
the global financial markets. 
SNC chairman Michael Marks last night said that the decision to link up with Merrill Lynch had not been based 
on price alone. The broker, which handles one out of every five share deals carried out in the London market, had 
opted to accept Merrill because both sides were broadly agreed on how the business should be developed. 
SNC is understood to have disagreed with Commerzbank over fundamental strategy, although it did not finally 
decide to accept the US bid until late on Thursday. 
The deal concludes more than 10 days of frenetic negotiations between SNC and both suitors. SNC was coming 
under intense pressure to conclude a deal after it publicly announced that it had received takeover approaches. 
Mr Marks was obliged to make public the negotiations after rumours about the bid plans leaked into the market, 
driving up the share price. 
Last night, analysts admitted that the 560p-a-share offer was an attractive price, valuing the broker at around 2.2 
times its book figure. Convertible shareholders are being offered 270.5p a share. It represents a premium on SNC 
shares in the market, which firmed 29p to 546p. 
But doubts still remained about the future of SNC's traditionally strong working relationship with NM Rothschild, 
which had held its stake in the broker for nearly 10 years. Merrill said that it had not finalised details about how 
the two organisations would work together. 
Acceptance by Rothschild was regarded as essential. Sources close to Rothschild had suggested that the bank 
would have preferred a merger with Commerzbank because this would have left more scope for continuing close 
working links. Insiders say that Merrill would have little need for Rothschild's services because it already has a 
large investment-banking capability. 
Commerzbank, German's third-largest bank, said last night that it was still looking for another business partner to 
expand in the Anglo-American financial world. Earlier in the year, Commerzbank bought 75% of the British 
fund-management group Jupiter Tyndall but analysts say that it needs a bigger presence in the equity markets.

Page 10 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Other mergers between the dwindling band of independent British financial houses and big overseas investment 
banks have included those between SG Warburg and Morgan Stanley, Kleinwort with Dresdner, and the failed 
Barings Bank's purchase by Dutch-based ING. 
Analysts say it is difficult for slimly resourced independent banks to compete with the firepower of the big US and 
continental European financial houses. Speculation will increase about the continuing independence of other City 
houses, including Cazenove, Lazards and Robert Fleming. 
Document grdn000020011103dr7m00h6w

Page 11 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Britain's SNC opts for Merrill in broker takeover. 
Britain's SNC opts for Merrill in broker takeover. 
By Paul Farrelly 
585 words 
21 July 1995 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1995 Reuters Limited 
LONDON, July 21 (Reuter) - Yet another of London's leading investment firms succumbed to overseas control on 
Friday as top British broker Smith New Court Plc struck an agreed 526.3 million pounds ($842 million) deal with 
U.S. securities giant Merrill Lynch. 
The deal follows hard on the heels of the one billion pound ($1.6 billion) takeover by Germany's Dresdner Bank of 
merchant bank Kleinwort Benson in June and leaves few major London firms in independent hands. 
Smith New Court's name may not entirely disappear but if it survives at all, it will be as Merrill Lynch Smith, 
SNC chairman Michael Marks told Reuters. 
Merrill beat Germany's Commerzbank AG , which withdrew, licking its wounds, earlier in the day, to cement its 
position as the world's leading equities broker. 
"Although we believe we could have continued to develop the business...we have long felt that Merrill Lynch 
would be the ideal partner," Marks said, during a satellite news conference that often resembled a "love-in" 
between London and New York. 
Commerzbank was never in the running to the same extent, he added, but denied using the Germans simply as a 
stalking horse to get a better deal. 
"It was well known we were talking to a number of people in London," Marks said. "We're a public company and 
have to listen to all offers." 
Merrill admits it is paying a hefty price to secure one of the few opportunities for a strategic leap. 
At 560 pence per SNC share, higher than analysts expected, the deal values the broker at a huge 25 times 
historic earnings and 2.2 times net asset value. 
"(Michael Marks) and his advisers spent the last two weeks wringing the last nickel out of us," Merrill president 
and chief operating officer Dave Komansky quipped in London. 
It will also dilute earnings in the short term but Merrill said it is worth the time savings over organic development. 
"This is a historic day for Merrill Lynch and Smith New Court...It provides us with a quantum leap in global 
equities," Merrill chairman and CEO Daniel Tully said from New York. 
The move leaves blue-blooded Cazenove as the last independent top-flight broker and -- after the Kleinwort deal 
and Warburg's sell-out to Union Bank of Switzerland -- just Schroders of Britain's large quoted merchant banks. 
A number of thorny issues still remain to be resolved. 
Negotiations are still going on with privately owned merchant bank N M Rothschild over Rothschild's equities 
distribution arrangements with SNC. 
Rothschild, the largest shareholder, finally swung its pivotal 25.9 percent of SNC behind the deal on Friday 
morning.

Page 12 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Both sides sought to calm fears of large job cuts at SNC, saying there was little overlap or need for rationalisation 
-- many staff had preferred Commerzbank for the reasons the board went the other way, because of its lack of 
securities presence. 
"It hasn't been just price. We haven't gone into this blind. We've looked at the people fit in great detail," SNC chief 
executive Paul Roy told the news conference. 
Also still to be worked out is which of both firm's operations move and where. 
As ever in such deals, though, Merrill is putting golden handcuffs on key staff, lifting long-term bonuses, though 
both sides declined to mention a figure. 
-- London Newsroom +44 171 542 7717. 
(c) Reuters Limited 1995 
Document lba0000020011103dr7l05te3

Page 13 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Merrill Lynch buys British broker Smith New Court. 
Merrill Lynch buys British broker Smith New Court. 
By Paul Farrelly 
532 words 
21 July 1995 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1995 Reuters Limited 
LONDON (Reuter) - Investment bank Merrill Lynch & Co. Inc., moving to expand its international business reach, 
said Friday it will pay nearly $840 million for Smith New Court Plc in a friendly takeover offer for the British 
brokerage house that would create the world's largest broker. 
Merrill said it was making an agreed 526.3 million British pounds ($839 million) offer for Smith at 560 pence 
($8.93) per ordinary share, and investment bank N.M. Rothschild, which owns 25.9 percent of SNC, had accepted 
its offer. 
"The combination will create the largest equity securities organisation in the world with leadership positions in 
origination, market-making, distribution and research," Merrill said. 
Earlier, Germany's Commerzbank AG said it had broken off talks on acquiring Smith New Court in frustration at 
the British group's inability to make up its mind which suitor to choose. "If SNC can't make up its mind, they're no 
partner for us," a Commerzbank spokesman said. 
Merrill said the takeover was a significant plank in its European growth strategy and part of its plan to achieve 
leadership in investment banking worldwide. 
Smith New Court Chairman Michael Marks will join the Merrill Lynch executive management committee. He 
called the deal, which marries off Britain's largest independent broker, accounting for one in five equity trades, a 
"perfect fit." 
"By combining Merrill Lynch's global resources with Smith New Court's experience and relationships in 
non-U.S. equity markets, we expect to increase our business around the world," Merrill Chairman Daniel Tully 
said in the statement. 
"Each firm brings unique and complementary skills to this union, with minimal duplication," Tully said. 
Banking industry analysts said the price looked right. 
"I think it's difficult to complain, given that Kleinwort Benson was taken out for two times net asset value and 
Warburg for 1.1 times," said Phillip Gibbs at brokers BZW, referring to Dresdner Bank's purchase of Kleinwort and 
Swiss Bank Corp.'s acquisition of S.G. Warburg, both announced in recent months. 
Merrill said the offer represented a multiple of 2.2 times Smith's net asset value per share of 249.2 pence ($3.96) 
as of April 28. 
Gibbs said the overlap between the two companies appeared to be minimal. "But it's a significant loss of 
independence for Smith, compared with the sort of deal they might have been able to do with Commerzbank," he 
added. 
Tully told a briefing broadcast in both London and New York that Merrill began looking at Smith New Court about 
18 months ago and that serious talks started only "more recently." 
David Komansky, president and second-highest ranking officer at Merrill Lynch, said the acquisition "positions us 
tremendously on the continent of Europe." 
He said Merrill was also attracted to Smith New Court by the firm's extensive business activities in South Africa, 
Malaysia and Thailand.

Page 14 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Komansky added that there will be "very few redundancies" as a result of the merger. 
Merrill Lynch' stock slipped 12.5 cents to $55 in midday trading on the New York Stock Exchange. 
(c) Reuters Limited 1995 
Document lba0000020011103dr7l05tdx

Page 15 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
SNC says Merrill marriage "perfect fit". 
SNC says Merrill marriage "perfect fit". 
107 words 
21 July 1995 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1995 Reuters Limited 
LONDON, July 21 (Reuter) - Merrill Lynch and Smith New Court are a "perfect fit," said Michael Marks, 
chairman of Smith New Court in a joint statement. 
He said the combination will allow SNC clients and staff to "enjoy instantly the benefits of global equity 
leadership." 
Merrill Lynch brings a global reach to the marriage while SNC has "experience and relationships in non-US 
equity markets," said Merrill chairman and chief executive officer Daniel Tully. 
"Each firm brings unique and complementary skills to this union, with minimal duplication," said Merrill's president 
and chief operating officer David Komansky. 
(c) Reuters Limited 1995 
Document lba0000020011103dr7l05t6u

Page 16 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Merrill Lynch buys British broker Smith New Court. 
Merrill Lynch buys British broker Smith New Court. 
By Cal Mankowski 
656 words 
21 July 1995 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1995 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK (Reuter) - In a major bid to extend its global reach, Merrill Lynch & Co. Inc. agreed Friday to buy 
British investment house Smith New Court Plc for $840 million in a takeover that would create the world's largest 
brokerage. 
Merrill, already the largest brokerage house in the United States, said the friendly takeover would give it a 
stronger base in Europe and help it achieve leadership in investment banking worldwide. 
The acquisition "positions us tremendously on the continent," Merrill Lynch President David Komansky said in 
London, noting Smith New Court's activities in South Africa, Malaysia and Thailand were also very attractive to 
New York-based Merrill. 
A stronger presence in Asia would give Merrill access to growing numbers of people with rising standards of living 
who are likely to become investors, industry analysts said. 
Equally important, more and more foreign corporations are expanding in the region, creating a demand for funds 
and financing and the need for underwriters of stocks and bonds. 
For Smith New Court, Britain's biggest independent broker accounting for one in five stock trades in that nation, 
the move was all but inevitable given the consolidation taking place in the country's investment business. 
Last month Germany's Dresdner Bank bought investment bank Kleinwort Benson for $1.6 billion and in May 
Union Bank of Switzerland agreed to pay nearly $1.4 billion for S.G. Warburg's investment banking operations. 
"Although we believe we could have continued to develop the business ... we have long felt that Merrill Lynch 
would be the ideal partner," Smith New Court Chairman Michael Marks told a news conference, calling the two 
firms a "perfect fit." 
"The combination will create the largest equity securities organisation in the world with leadership positions in 
origination, market-making, distribution and research," Merrill said in a statement. 
Industry analysts said Merrill was paying a rich price but that it was competing with rival suitor Commerzbank AG, 
the German bank that withdrew from the bidding Friday. Still it was a good move for Merrill, especially in the long 
run. 
"It does get Merrill Lynch improved combined operations in Europe and other places," said Perrin Long at Brown 
Brothers Harriman. 
He said Merrill was paying 2.4 times book value and about 26 times earnings, high multiples compared to Merrill 
itself, for example, which at recent market prices trades at about 1.5 times book value and 12 times this year's 
expected earnings. 
Merrill officials admitted they were paying handsomely. 
"(Michael Marks) and his advisers spent the last two weeks wringing the last nickel out of us," Komansky quipped. 
The deal will dilute earnings in the short run but give many more advantages long-term, he added. 
Merrill Chairman Daniel Tully said Merrill began looking at Smith New Court about 18 months ago and that 
serious talks started "more recently."

Page 17 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"This is a historic day for Merrill Lynch and Smith New Court. It provides us with a quantum leap in global 
equities," he said in New York. 
A number of thorny issues still remain to be resolved. 
Negotiations are still going on with privately owned merchant bank N.M. Rothschild over its equities distribution 
arrangements with Smith New Court. Rothschild, Smith New Court's largest shareholder, finally swung its 
pivotal 25.9 percent stake behind the Merrill deal Friday morning. 
Both sides sought to calm fears of large job cuts, saying there was little overlap or need for rationalisation. 
Earlier, Commerzbank said it had broken off talks in frustration after the British broker apparently could not decide 
which suitor to choose. "If SNC can't make up its mind, they're no partner for us," a Commerzbank spokesman 
said. 
Marks will join Merrill's executive management committee. 
Merrill stock ended unchanged at $55.125 in consolidated trading on the New York Stock Exchange. 
(c) Reuters Limited 1995 
Document lba0000020011103dr7l05t3c

Page 18 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Merrill buying U.K. broker at steep price. 
Merrill buying U.K. broker at steep price. 
By Cal Mankowski 
559 words 
21 July 1995 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1995 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, July 21 (Reuter) - Merrill Lynch & Co Inc is making a good long term acquisition although it is 
paying a lofty price to buy U.K. broker Smith New Court Plc, analysts said. 
Analyst Perrin Long of Brown Brothers Harriman noted the U.S. firm is paying 2.4 times book value and about 26 
times earnings. Merrill Lynch's own stock trades at much more modest multiples on the New York Stock 
Exchange (NMYE), the analyst noted. 
Analyst Guy Moszkowski of Sanford C. Bernstein Co said the multiples may be high but because Smith New 
Court is a much smaller firm than Merrill Lynch it doesn't make much difference to Merrill Lynch's financials. 
At a news conference, Merrill Lynch chairman and chief executive Daniel Tully said there would be "slight" 
dilution to the company's earnings this year and next. 
Merrill Lynch is paying 526 million stg, or $842 million to acquire Smith New Court in a transaction expected to 
close in about three months. 
Long noted Merrill's stock, which has been trading recently in the mid to upper 50's on the NYSE, is priced on the 
market at about 1.5 times book value and 12 times this year's expected earnings. 
He said a "more realistic" number for the Smith New Court deal might have been 13 to 15 times latest 12-month 
earnings and 1.6 to 1.8 times book value. Smith New Court's book value is about 2.5 stg per share. 
"It does get Merrill Lynch improved combined operations in Europe and other places," Long said. 
The acqusisition "positions us tremendously on the continent," said David Komansky, Merrill Lynch president 
and chief operating officer. He also said Smith New Court's activities in South Africa, Malaysia and Thailand 
were very attractive to Merrill Lynch. 
Long said the Asian markerts are prized by investment firms because the standard of living and net disposalble 
income of the population is rising. At the same time, foreign corporations are expanding in the region, creating a 
demand for funds and financing. 
Both Long and Moszkowski agreed that a major risk in the merger is that Merrill Lynch will not be able to retain 
key executives in Smith New Court. 
"If the incentives are not appropriate you could lose a lot of people," said Moszkowski. "You're not buying 
anything else. He said it is a risk that is always taken in acquisitions in the industry. 
Jerome Kenney, head of corporate strategy for Merrill Lynch, said incentives would be put in place to encourage 
Smith New Court people to stay after the deal is completed. 
Although Smith New Court is a smaller firm it's highly-regarded research unit as nearly the same size as the very 
large Merrill Lynch department. 
Komansky said there were would be "very few redundancies." 
Some consolidation is expected in the operations area, analysts said, but overall there are not many overlaps.

Page 19 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Asked if there was any risk to completion of the deal from the pending litigation filed by Orange County, Calif. and 
its investment pools, the response from Merrill executives was "none whatsoever." Plaintiffs are seeking in excess 
of $2 billion. Merrill has said that it has done nothing wrong. 
(c) Reuters Limited 1995 
Document lba0000020011103dr7l05syu

Page 20 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
MOVE HIGHLIGHTS MERRILL'S EUROPE PUSH. 
MOVE HIGHLIGHTS MERRILL'S EUROPE PUSH. 
By JOHN GAPPER and NICHOLAS DENTON. 
566 words 
14 July 1995 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
17 
English 
(c) 1995 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
Last year, Merrill Lynch, the US investment bank, might not have shown much interest in buying Smith New 
Court, the UK's leading independent stockbroker. It had a large business in Europe employing 2,200 people, and 
Asia looked like a far more attractive growth market. 
But times have changed, as Merrill's negotiations with SNC illustrate. Two weeks ago, Mr Daniel Tully, Merrill's 
chairman, visited London to approve a five-year growth plan for Europe including a push into the equity markets 
of Germany, France and the UK to match European investment banks. 
Mr Tully knew that Merrill, which looked at buying parts of Barings following the merchant bank's collapse in 
February, could shortly have an opportunity of a different short cut. By buying SNC, it could gain a grip on the 
London equity market, and reinforce equity activities in Europe. 
The five-year plan marked a stronger commitment to Europe by the New York executive management committee. 
It included expansion in a number of areas: 
In fixed income, Merrill planned to re-establish itself as a market maker in French government bonds. It also 
wanted to expand its debt sales force. 
Build up private banking, and strengthen its institutional fund management arm as part of a global push into the 
area. 
It would try to replicate its strength in equity markets in Scandinavia, Spain and the Netherlands by competing 
more strongly in other countries such as the UK. 
It would hire corporate finance, and mergers and acquisitions specialists to fit with stronger equity research and 
sales activities. 
This commitment was not automatic. Merrill has only started to make significant profits in Europe in the past three 
years. But it stemmed from two changes: the burst of acquisitions of London investment banks, and Merrill's 
attempt to make itself a global leader in equity sales and trading. 
In spite of its involvement in the bankruptcy of Orange County, California, last year Merrill has performed well. 
Its efforts to build an institutional and capital markets business alongside its traditional US retail brokerage were 
rooted in the acquisitions of White Weld, an investment bank, in 1978, and AG Becker, a bank specialising in 
issuing commercial paper for corporations in 1984. 
Last month, Mr Tully detailed Merrill Lynch's long effort to 'climb the yield curve' in capital markets by moving 
from debt underwriting into equity. Its strength in the US and in cross-border deals such as privatisations made it 
the leading global equity underwriter last year. 
However, it found it hard to break into what one executive calls closed northern European markets. Merchant 
bank takeovers in London have made it wonder whether organic growth was the best option. 
Merrill was sixth among managers of European equity issues in the first half of this year, according to IFR 
Securities Data. By buying SNC, it could gain a stronghold in equity trading in Europe. It would gain about 185 
equity analysts to match its own global total of 185.

Page 21 of 21 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
A potential difficulty is the overlap between some of its European equity research and sales operations with SNC. 
But Merrill is unlikely to see that as an insuperable obstacle. Whether SNC will agree - and whether its wants to 
add itself to Merrill's 'thundering herd' - remains to be seen. 
(c) The Financial Times Limited 1995. 
Document ftft000020020114dr7e00414 
Search Summary 
Text Daniel Tully AND Smith New Court AND Merrill Lynch 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/1996 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company All Companies 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

