Page 1 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Enron,Wessex welcome UK bid approval. ......................................................................................................................2 
Enron/Wessex. ................................................................................................................................................................3 
Enron makes big splash with Wessex Water bid. ...........................................................................................................5 
Water shares soar on GBP1.4bn US bid.........................................................................................................................7 
American predator buys Wessex Water..........................................................................................................................8 
BACK PAGE - FIRST SECTION - Wessex agrees bid from Enron. .............................................................................10 
BACK PAGE - FIRST SECTION - US energy group in #1.4bn bid for Wessex Water. ................................................11 
COMPANIES &FINANCE - Enron steps into global water market. ...............................................................................12 
Enron makes agreed bid for Wessex Water..................................................................................................................14 
Enron says water business can be 'enormous'. ............................................................................................................15 
U.S. Enron takes to water with Wessex. .......................................................................................................................16 
Enron to buy Britain's Wessex for $2.2 billion. ..............................................................................................................18 
Wessex swoop opens water bid floodgates ..................................................................................................................20 
Wessex/Enron -3: Shareholders Still Entitled To Final Div ...........................................................................................21 
Enron Dives Into Water Business, And Mkt Reacts Coolly >ENE.................................................................................22 
Wessex/Enron -3: Shareholders Still Entitled To Final Div ...........................................................................................24

Page 2 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Enron,Wessex welcome UK bid approval. 
Enron,Wessex welcome UK bid approval. 
164 words 
10 September 1998 
10:16 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1998 Reuters Limited 
LONDON, Sept 10 (Reuters) - U.S. power group Enron Corp and Wessex Water Plc both welcomed Britain's 
decision on Thursday to allow Enron's agreed bid for the British water company to go ahead. 
In a joint statement to the stock exchange, Enron Chairman and Chief Executive Kenneth Lay said the company 
had "consistently believed since we first started discussions with Wessex that our offer would not raise any 
competition or regulatory concerns." 
Trade and Industry Secretary Peter Mandelson said earlier on Thursday he had decided not to refer the agreed 
1.36 billion pound bid to the Monopolies and Mergers Commission (MMC), following advice from regulators. 
Enron, which has extended the closing date for acceptances of its 630 pence per share offer to September 18 
said it hoped "to complete the transaction shortly." 
((London newsroom +44 171 542 7717, fax +44 171 583 3769 uk.equities.news@reuters.com)). 
(C) Reuters Limited 1998. 
Document lba0000020021108du9a00snh

Page 3 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Enron/Wessex.
Enron/Wessex. 
711 words 
27 July 1998 
The Financial News 
LONFIN 
English 
(c) 1998 London Financial News Publishing Limited . Data not available for redissemination. 
Water purchase sparks activity in utilities shares 
The Daily Telegraph 
Wessex Water sparked utility shares into life on Friday after accepting a #1.4bn "out of the blue" offer from Enron, 
the American electricity and gas group involved in a row with the Government over the coal industry rescue plan. 
The 630p-a-share bid lifted the sector's gloom, with Anglian jumping 51 to 920p, Hyder, the integrated Welsh 
water and electricity group, 451/2 to #10.40, and Yorkshire 461/2 to 5481/2. 
Wessex shareholders stand to pick up 649.5p after taking into account dividend payments. The water deal was 
hammered out 10 days after Enron made its surprise approach after deciding that Wessex, the smallest of the 10 
privatised water companies, would provide the best flagship for entry into the $70bn a year global water business, 
rather than bigger groups with international experience. 
Comment: Wessex is an awkward example to some of the bigger businesses. It ranks as one of the most efficient 
and cost conscious, has the highest rate of return and has steered clear of costly foreign adventures. Yet 
chairman Nick Hood has always harboured ambitions of bigger things and was frustrated in his attempt to take 
over South West Water. Enron believes Wessex has hidden depths and claim to have identified some wonderful 
prospects. 
But Wessex is already complaining about regulatory interference elsewhere in its empire, as the British 
Government fiddles with the rules on gas-fired power stations in its attempt to stave off the end of the coal 
industry. Ian Byatt, the water regulator who liked the job so much he stayed on, might decide that Wessex 
customers should benefit from some of the efficiency gains at their monopoly supplier. 
Financial Times 
Enron said it wanted to build a large global water business around Wessex, which has no international 
experience, supplying water or sewerage services to 2.5 million people in south-west England. The total value of 
the deal, including debt and conversion of preference shares, is about $1.7bn. Kenneth Lay, Enron chief 
executive, said the US group intended to become a leading participant in a world water industry which generated 
revenues of $300bn last year. 
Lex: The best thing about being an investor in a UK utility has been the generosity of US bidders. But Enron 
outdid them all in its largesse on Friday - so much that it is hard to see how it makes the deal stack up. Enron is 
paying a 50% to 60% premium to the regulated asset base. The chunky cash-flow multiple is also a first - 9.3 
times historic earnings before depreciation, interest and tax, compared with an average of between six and eight 
times for most electricity and water deals. And Enron has no synergies to throw into the pot to justify the price. 
Not only that, it has made its move just three months before the water regulator embarks on his toughest review 
yet. 
The Times 
Both Enron and Wessex said they had separately been pursuing the same objective for international expansion. 
The agreed bid will effectively give Nick Hood, Wessex chairman, a free rein in developing the international 
business under Rebecca Mark, Enron's head of international business. He will be helped by Colin Skellet, 
Wessex's chief executive.

Page 4 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Comment: Wessex is ambitious but the market hates the idea of expansion, perhaps requiring more capital, even 
more than uncertainty. Wessex has rushed into the hands of a partner that does not have anything like as good a 
reputation here, in its own field of energy, as Wessex has in water. 
Tempus: The World Bank has calculated that the international water business, currently worth $300bn, could 
grow to $400bn by the millennium. Few analysts have difficulty with the potential of international water. But to buy 
a UK water company now is like buying a house without having a survey done. 
The Independent 
Comment: The market took Friday's deal as the cue for a feeding frenzy in the water sector. But those hoping for 
the floodgates to open may find themselves waiting in vain. 
INFLUENTIAL INFORMATIVE INTERESTING 
To subscribe call +44 (0)181 289 7958 
Copyright London Financial News Publishing Limited 1998. 
Data not available for redissemination. 
Document lonfin0020010925du7r00117

Page 5 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Enron makes big splash with Wessex Water bid. 
Enron makes big splash with Wessex Water bid. 
By Christine Buckley, Industrial Correspondent. 
525 words 
25 July 1998 
The Times 
T
23 
English 
© 1998 Times Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 
ENRON, the US power group, has launched itself into the international water business with a #1.36bn agreed 
cash bid for Wessex Water. The surprise move set off a flurry of activity in water shares as expectations rose that 
other energy businesses would follow Enron's lead. 
Enron, a key player in gas and electricity, wants to propel itself into the worldwide water market using Wessex's 
managerial skills. 
Kenneth Lay, Enron chairman and chief executive, said water "can very quickly become as big as our gas and 
electricity businesses are today". The US company, which has been a vocal critic of the Government's 
moratorium on gas-fired power stations, denied it was targeting Wessex because its other expansion plans in the 
UK were blocked. 
Ralph Hodge, chairman of Enron UK, said the #1.36bn bid for Wessex, which values the group at 630p a share 
against Thursday's closing price of 493p, was "additional and complementary" to its UK aspirations in gas. Enron 
is still petitioning for the moratorium to be lifted. 
The agreed bid will effectively give Nick Hood, Wessex chairman, a free rein in developing the international 
business under Rebecca Mark, Enron's head of international business. He will be helped by Colin Skellet, 
Wessex's chief executive. The other Wessex directors will stay in place. Enron said it wanted Wessex to be the 
"flagship" of its international business. Mr Hood said the business aimed to be "a world leader". 
He said the operation already had targets in mind. Europe, Latin America and Asia are the most likely areas for 
acquisitions. 
Wessex shares rose 118 1/2 p to 611 1/2 p. Shares of other water companies raced ahead as the market hoped 
that other large US groups would make bids. Anglian Water jumped 51p to 920p, Yorkshire rose 46p to 548 1/2 p 
and Hyder was up 45 1/2 p to 1040p. 
However, some analysts were puzzled by Enron's timing because the bid comes ahead of a regulatory pricing 
review that will demand a big one-off reduction in water bills. 
The deal between Enron and Wessex took fewer than ten days to tie up. Both companies said they had 
separately been pursuing the same objective for international expansion. The World Bank says that the worldwide 
water market will be worth $400bn (#240bn) by the millennium and investment will run at $70 bil lion a year. 
Currently the market is worth $300bn. 
Because Enron has no water interests in the UK the bid is not expected to face regulatory difficulties, although 
the regulator may seek price reductions before blessing the deal. 
* Water prices in the North East are set to rise by #5.50 a year as Ian Byatt, the regulator, prepares to grant 
Northumbrian Water permission to break price promises made by Lyonnaise des Eaux when the French company 
took it over three years ago. Northumbrian asked Mr Byatt to let it impose higher prices to fund environmental 
work. 
Tempus, page 27 
(c) Times Newspapers Ltd, 1998.

Page 6 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Not Available for Re-dissemination. 
Document t000000020010927du7p01n73

Page 7 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Water shares soar on GBP1.4bn US bid 
City 
Water shares soar on GBP1.4bn US bid 
350 words 
25 July 1998 
The Express 
THEEXP 
87 
English 
Copyright (C) 1998 The Express 
BRITAIN'S water industry was swept up in a wave of takeover speculation yesterday after Wessex Water agreed 
a GBP1.4bilion bid from American utility Enron. 
The deal, the first by a US buyer in the UK water industry, sent shares across the sector soaring as investors 
looked for other potential bid targets. 
The takeover invited obvious comparisons with the electricity industry which saw eight companies fall into the 
hands of US owners in a frenetic period of deal-making over just three years. 
Yorkshire Water shares leaped 46p to 548p while Anglian Water soared 51p to 920p. South West Water was 
another climber, up 81p to 1128p. 
"The next wave of sector consolidation has begun," said one analyst. 
Houston-based Enron is paying 630p a share, a 27.8 per cent premium to the Wessex Water closing price on 
Thursday. Wessex shares were marked up 118p to 611p yesterday. 
Enron chairman Kenneth Lay said Wessex would create a platform for an assault on the rapidly privatising 
global water business, worth an estimated GBP180 billion a year. 
Mound 25 large municipal water companies are moving out of state hands in the next year including Berlin, 
Moscow and Turin. 
"Very little is currently privatised around the world but it is coming in a big way," added Rebecca Mark, Enron 
vice-chairman, who will run the global water business. "This deal will give us a strong competitive edge." 
Despite being the second smallest water company in Britain, Enron said Wessex had one of the best 
management teams and track record. Wessex chairman Nicholas Hood described the deal as "a good marriage". 
The company had been keen to expand overseas but had lacked the financial muscle. "We also watched the 
varied success of other British companies and so have been inclined to be cautious," Hood said. 
Enron has annual revenues of GBP12 billion and extensive interests in gas and electricity from production to the 
end user. 
It already owns two power plants in Britain as well as a small gas and electricity marketing business. 
Document theexp0020010916du7p002bj

Page 8 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
American predator buys Wessex Water. 
American predator buys Wessex Water. 
By Andrew Wilson. 
840 words 
25 July 1998 
The Herald 
GH 
22 
English 
(c) 1998 SMG Newspapers Ltd Not Available for Re-dissemination. 
Consolidation is the watchword following Enron's #1.36bn purchase 
THE American utilities giant Enron has made a surprise and agreed #1360m takeover bid for Bristol-based 
Wessex Water. 
The offer of 630p cash is the first by a transatlantic company for a British water utility although Americans have 
been heavily involved in electricity distribution concerns. 
Market reaction was to mark water shares sharply ahead as punters tried to identify the most likely takeover 
targets in the sector. 
Wessex Water closed 118.5p up on the day at 611.5p while there were gains at South West Water - 81p to 
1128p - and rises of up to 51p at Anglian, Hyder and 
Yorkshire. 
The two companies began talking three weeks ago and the security surrounding the negotiations has been very 
tight. 
However, their cover was very nearly blown in Bath. 
Blonde, long-legged Rebecca Mark, who is the vice-chairwoman of Enron and chairwoman of the international 
division, and her staff, had agreed to meet Wessex Water chairman Nicholas Hood and his team at a hotel in the 
town for preliminary discussions. 
The initial talks did not proceed too far but when Mark returned to negotiations for the second time, her team was 
stunned when the hotel doorman commented: "You are the Americans taking over Wessex Water." 
Fortunately, the sharp-eyed doorman did not alert the City. 
Enron chairman Kenneth Lay said that Wessex had been chosen as the best platform for expanding its 
presence in the water sector. 
The Houston, Texas-based group operates the largest natural gas-fired power station in the world with the 
1875-megawatt plant on Teesside and it is building a 790mw generator at Sutton Bridge in Lincolnshire. 
Enron has been especially critical of the Government's energy policy and has called it "fatally flawed" as, they 
believe, it will lead not only to the loss of jobs in the North Sea but also fail to save a floundering coal industry. 
Its proposed 800mw projects on the Isle of Grain and Ebbw Vale have fallen foul of the moratorium on building 
gas-fired stations. 
The attraction of Wessex Water lies in its technical expertise which would be integrated with Enron's international 
experience in construction, project and development and finance. 
As a consequence, the senior Wessex Water management will continue to work for the company, including Hood 
and chief executive Colin Skellett, who will concentrate on the international business. 
Lay promised there will be no compulsory redundancies among the 1380 employees - there were around 1900 at 
the time of privatisation in 1989.

Page 9 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Enron had turnover last year equivalent to #12bn and after-tax income of #335m. 
It employs 16,000 people around the world. 
Major assets include its natural gas pipeline activities in the US where it carries 18% of that country's total 
consumption and 
Portland Electricity in Oregon. 
Mark said that global revenue from water utilities was some $300bn (#180bn) and annual expenditure on 
infrastructure of $100bn (#60bn). 
Between 20 and 25 cities world-wide are to privatise their water within the next year and Wessex Water will 
enable Enron to pitch more successfully for business. 
It hopes to be able to exploit the potential in America where water supply is owned by some 60,000 municipalities 
and so is ripe for consolidation. 
The bid seems unlikely to be referred to the Monopolies and Mergers Commission, as long as Ofwat regulator Ian 
Byatt is satisfied that Enron has the financial resources to support the on-going Wessex capital investment 
programme of around #100m annually, and gives guarantees for quality and operational efficiency. 
There would appear to be little prospect of a counter-bid as it would be cheaper for potential predators to acquire 
one of the other water utilities. 
Philip Hollobone, of brokers Panmure Gordon, said that he thought Yorkshire Water was the most likely to be 
approached next as it is one of the smallest with a market worth of around #2000m. 
Even smaller are South West Water, which was the subject of a bid contest with Severn Trent two years ago until 
blocked by then President of the Board of Trade Ian Lang, and Hyder in Wales. 
Anglian, which is capitalised at #2500m, has an attractive international business but would be too big for most to 
swallow, and that criterion applies to Thames at #4500m. 
ScottishPower, which owns next door Southern Water, would have no interest in becoming involved with its 
aspirations now focused on the US utility scene. 
Hollobone is a fan of the water sector and believes that Byatt will be less severe than many expect when the draft 
proposals are published in October for the pricing regime for 2000-2005. 
That anxiety has helped depress sector share prices and enabled Enron to gain agreement to buy Wessex at 
12.5 times last year's earnings based on pre-tax profits of #139m, although it is the highest price paid so far in 
any utility takeover. 
Not Available for Re-dissemination. 
Document gh00000020010924du7p00ipc

Page 10 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
BACK PAGE - FIRST SECTION - Wessex agrees bid from Enron. 
BACK PAGE - FIRST SECTION - Wessex agrees bid from Enron. 
By Andrew Taylor. 
365 words 
25 July 1998 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
19 
English 
(c) 1998 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
Enron, one of the world's largest energy groups, yesterday announced its first big move into the international 
water sector with a #1.36bn ($2.24bn) agreed cash bid for Wessex Water of the UK. 
The US group said it wanted to build a large global water business around Wessex, which has no international 
experience, supplying water or sewerage services to 2.5m people in south-west England. 
Enron is bidding 630p for each Wessex share. Shareholders will also receive a scrip dividend increasing the 
value of the offer by 5.4p. The total value of the deal, including debt and conversion of preference shares, is 
about #1.7bn. 
Wessex shares rose 24% to 611 1/2 p. 
Share prices of other privatised UK water companies also rose sharply amid speculation that Enron's bid will 
prompt a new round of takeovers and rationalisation in the UK water sector. 
Yorkshire Water rose 46 1/2 p to 548 1/2 p; Southwest Water increased 81p to #11.28p; Anglian rose 51p to 920p 
and Thames Water increased 19p to #11.35p. Enron shares by contrast fell $1 1/4 to close at $54 1/4 in New 
York. 
Kenneth Lay, Enron chairman and chief executive, said the US group intended to become a leading participant 
in a world water industry which generated revenues of $300bn last year. 
He said: "We think it can become as big as our gas and electricity businesses are today, very quickly." The 
company owns energy assets worth almost $24bn. Enron recently announced its first water contract, in 
partnership with Saur of France, in Mendoza, Argentina. 
Rebecca Mark, Enron vice chairman who will head the group's new water subsidiary, said at least 20-25 large 
cities, worldwide, were seeking companies to finance and operate water services. 
Enron has been holding joint venture talks with a number of British and French water companies which it said 
would continue. 
It did not expect the bid to be referred to the Monopolies and Mergers Commission. Lex, Page 20 
Copyright Financial Times Limited 1998. All Rights Reserved. 
Not Available for Re-dissemination. 
Document ftft000020010924du7p01e59

Page 11 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
BACK PAGE - FIRST SECTION - US energy group in #1.4bn bid for Wessex Water. 
BACK PAGE - FIRST SECTION - US energy group in #1.4bn bid for Wessex Water. 
By Andrew Taylor, Utilities Correspondent. 
347 words 
25 July 1998 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
20 
English 
(c) 1998 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
Enron, one of the world's largest energy groups, yesterday announced its first big move into the international 
water sector with a #1.36bn agreed cash bid for Wessex Water of the UK. 
The US group said it wanted to build a large global water business around Wessex, which supplies water or 
sewerage services to 2.5m people in south-west England. 
Enron is bidding 630p for each Wessex share. Shareholders will also receive an additional scrip dividend 
increasing the value of the offer by 5.4p. The total value of the deal, including debt and conversion of preference 
shares, is about #1.7bn. Wessex shares rose 24% to 611 1/2 p. 
Share prices of other privatised UK water companies also rose sharply amid speculation that Enron's bid will 
prompt a new round of takeovers and rationalisation in the UK water sector. 
Yorkshire Water rose 46 1/2 p to 548 1/2 p; Southwest Water increased 81p to 1128p; Anglian rose 51p to 920p 
and Thames Water increased 19p to 1135p. Enron shares fell $1 7/8 to $54 5/8 by midday in New York. 
Kenneth Lay, Enron chairman and chief executive, said the US group intended to become a leading player in the 
world water industry, which generated revenues of $300bn last year. "We think it can become as big as our gas 
and electricity businesses are today, very quickly." The company owns energy assets worth almost $24bn ( 
#14bn). 
Enron recently announced its first water contract, in partnership with Saur of France, in Mendoza in Argentina. 
Enron has been holding joint venture discussions with British and French water companies, which would 
continue. The group had chosen Wessex, which has no international water experience, for its record of efficiency. 
Colin Skellett will continue as chief executive of Wessex Water and Nicholas Hood as chairman. Wessex agrees 
bid, Page 19 See Lex 
Copyright Financial Times Limited 1998. All Rights Reserved. 
Not Available for Re-dissemination. 
Document ftft000020010924du7p01e4n

Page 12 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
COMPANIES &FINANCE - Enron steps into global water market. 
COMPANIES &FINANCE - Enron steps into global water market. 
565 words 
25 July 1998 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
19 
English 
(c) 1998 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
Andrew Taylor on the US energy company's $2.2bn purchase of Wessex Water. 
Enron of the US, one of the world's premier energy groups, is now seeking to elbow its way to the front rank of 
international water suppliers and investors. 
The company yesterday announced a $2.23bn ( #1.36bn) cash takeover of Wessex Water, the UK's smallest 
privatised water company supplying water or sewerage to 2.5m people in south-west England. 
Enron views the purchase as a way of buying the operating and management skills it needs to break into the 
global water market rather than an opportunity to acquire regulated, price controlled UK water assets. 
Developing nations, according to the World Bank, need to invest $70bn a year in new water facilities over the next 
decade. Add annual investment of $30bn in developed countries and you get a potential global investment market 
of $100bn, says Kenneth Lay, Enron's chairman and chief executive. 
The US group believes it can become a very large player in this market by marrying its existing international 
financial and project management skills with Wessex's operating and technical expertise. 
The energy group, which owns assets of almost $24bn, has blazed a trail over the past decade through a series 
of large oil, gas and power station deals in Asia, South America and Europe. 
Wessex by contrast is a domestic water and sewage company, privatised in 1989, with no experience of 
international investment and project management. 
It is now expected to become the centrepiece of a new international water company competing with large 
established UK and French companies such as Thames Water, United Utilities, Suez Lyonnaise des Eaux and 
Vivendi, which dominate international water investment. 
US water companies - where there are more than 60,000 municipal suppliers - have been too small to compete in 
international markets. 
The question is whether Enron should want to be in this arena. It says it is paying the highest relative price for a 
UK utility since the British water, electricity and gas operators were privatised. 
It also admits that there are no synergies to be gained from linking its existing UK power interests with water 
assets. 
The deal will be earnings enhancing in the first year but returns are likely to come under pressure when a new 
British regulatory pricing regime starts in 2000. 
For this reason, Thames Water and United Utilities, which runs Northwest Water, have energetically pursued 
overseas contracts and investments that offer greater potential rewards, but carry higher risks. 
United Utilities was forced to make a #90m provision and abandon work on a Bangkok sewerage scheme after 
the contract ran into trouble. 
Water, unlike power and telecommunications, has been regarded as a free right in many developing countries. 
Supply has often been heavily subsidised, making it difficult for private operators to move to higher tariffs in order 
to pay for the heavy capital investment needed to improve systems and provide an adequate rate of return.

Page 13 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Enron says that with Wessex it will have the financial, project management and operating skills - together with 
the necessary government, regional and industrial contacts - to succeed in the water sector. 
It remains to be seen whether it can earn sufficient returns to justify stepping beyond its traditional energy 
business. 
Copyright Financial Times Limited 1998. All Rights Reserved. 
Not Available for Re-dissemination. 
Document ftft000020010924du7p00oqy

Page 14 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Enron makes agreed bid for Wessex Water. 
Enron makes agreed bid for Wessex Water. 
268 words 
24 July 1998 
03:07 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1998 Reuters Limited 
LONDON, July 24 (Reuters) - U.S. power company Enron Corp on Friday announced an agreed 630 pence per 
share cash bid for Wessex Water Plc valuing the UK water company at 1.36 billion pounds ($2.23 billion). 
Enron said a new company had been formed to pursue opportunities in the global water business. "The 
development, ownership and operation of water infrastructure is a logical extension of Enron's expertise 
developed in the worldwide energy business," Enron Chairman and Chief Executive Kenneth Lay said in a 
statement. 
The companies said Wessex would be the flagship of Enron's new water subsidiary, which will pursue 
development of water projects in Europe, Latin America and Asia - markets where privatisation is occurring - and 
will also seek opportunities in North America. 
Wessex executives will remain with the company, with Wessex Chairman Nicholas Hood and Chief Executive 
Colin Skellett playing an active role in the new international water business. 
The offer price represents a premium of 27.8 percent to the Wessex closing price of 493p per share on July 23 
and a multiple of 12.5 times Wessex earnings in the year ended March 31. It allows shareholders to retain the 
right to the proposed 14.1p final dividend and extends a connected scrip dividend offer. 
Hood said the deal was good for shareholders, customers and employees of Wessex, with no compulsory 
redundancies planned. "This offer will make Wessex the heart of a global water infrastructure business, one 
which we believe will become a world leader," he said. ($1=.6090 Pound). 
(C) Reuters Limited 1998. 
Document lba0000020010925du7o0081z

Page 15 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Enron says water business can be 'enormous'. 
Enron says water business can be 'enormous'. 
211 words 
24 July 1998 
08:09 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1998 Reuters Limited 
LONDON, July 24 (Reuters) - Enron Corp said it saw "enormous" potential in the global water business it entered 
on Friday through an agreed 1.4 billion pounds bid for UK regional water and waste company Wessex Water Plc. 
Asked at a news conference how big the new water component of Enron's business could become, Enron 
Chairman and Chief Executive Kenneth Lay said, "I think it can be enormous." 
"We think it can become as big as our gas and electricity businesses are today very quickly," he said. 
"The objective is to build the world's leading water company," Rebecca Mark, vice chairman of Enron and 
chairman of Enron International, told reporters. 
She said Enron's expertise in contracts, risk management and international involvement in regulated and 
non-regulated businesses made an excellent fit with Wessex Water's well respected management team. 
Mark said other UK and French water companies had approached Enron with a view to joint ventures and the 
company would continue to discuss these. 
Enron had revenues of $20.27 billion from its existing businesses in 1997. 
((Quentin Bryar, London Newsroom +44 171 542 7717, fax +44 583 3769, 
uk.equities.news@reuters.com)). 
(C) Reuters Limited 1998. 
Document lba0000020010925du7o00621

Page 16 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
U.S. Enron takes to water with Wessex. 
U.S. Enron takes to water with Wessex. 
By Quentin Bryar 
598 words 
24 July 1998 
08:31 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1998 Reuters Limited 
LONDON, July 24 (Reuters) - U.S. power company Enron Corp on Friday plunged into the global water business 
with an agreed 630 pence per share cash bid for Wessex Water Plc valuing the UK firm at 1.36 billion pounds 
($2.23 billion). 
Enron said it was forming a new company to pursue opportunities in the world's fragmented $300 billion water 
and waste management business with the aim to build "the world's leading water company". 
"The development, ownership and operation of water infrastructure is a logical extension of Enron's expertise 
developed in the worldwide energy business," Enron Chairman and Chief Executive Kenneth Lay said in a 
statement. 
Lay said the acquisition would be accretive in the first full year and told a news conference the potential of water 
was "enormous". "We think it can become as big as our gas and electricity businesses are today very quickly," he 
said. 
Wessex, based in the western English city of Bristol and one of the regional UK water firms privatised in 1989, 
will be the flagship of the new, as yet unnamed, subsidiary. Its executives will remain with the company, with 
Wessex Chairman Nicholas Hood and Chief Executive Colin Skellett playing an active role in the new 
international water business. 
Hood told Reuters he was confident the deal would meet regulatory approval, with the UK water company ring 
fenced and unchanged by the new ownership. UK water companies face a pricing review by regulator Ian Byatt 
next year. 
He noted that the price, a premium of 27.8 percent to the Wessex closing price of 493p on Thursday and 12.5 
times Wessex earnings in the year ended March 31, represented the highest takeout multiple of any takeover 
seen in UK utilities. 
Wessex shares surged on the news, gaining 25 percent or 123p to 616p. Including an extended scrip dividend, 
the offer is worth 635.4p per share. Other water shares rose strongly on the high valuation and hopes of further 
utilities consolidation. 
"It's a pretty full price," said BT Alex. Brown utilities analyst Richard Franklin. 
"Enron is a surprise entrant and is using Wessex as a platform for global expansion. And we don't think this will 
be referred to the Monopolies Commission," Panmure Gordon analyst Philip Hollobone said. 
Hood said that Wessex had been wanting to expand abroad but was not big enough and Enron, one of the 
world's largest electricity and gas companies and capitalised at some $18.6 billion, had the financial strength 
necessary to compete with rivals such as French companies Suez Lyonnaise des Eaux and Vivendi . 
"When Enron came to us - and they told us they had been looking at us for some time - we thought this was just 
what we wanted," he said. 
Enron approached Wessex only eight or nine days ago, Hood said, adding the new venture already had 
opportunities in mind.

Page 17 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
He declined to reveal what these were but they would likely be in Europe, Latin America or Asia, where moves to 
liberalise and privatise the industry are taking place. The company also has plans for activities in North America. 
Hood said the deal was good for Wessex shareholders, customers and employees, with no compulsory 
redundancies planned. "This offer will make Wessex the heart of a global water infrastructure business, one 
which we believe will become a world leader," he said. ((London Newsroom +44 171 542 7717, fax +44 583 3769, 
uk.equities.news@reuters.com)) ($1=.6090 Pound). 
(C) Reuters Limited 1998. 
Document lba0000020010925du7o005gz

Page 18 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Enron to buy Britain's Wessex for $2.2 billion. 
Enron to buy Britain's Wessex for $2.2 billion. 
By Quentin Bryar 
514 words 
24 July 1998 
16:56 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 1998 Reuters Limited 
LONDON (Reuters) - Enron Corp., a global leader in natural gas and electricity, said Friday it agreed to buy 
Britain's Wessex Water Plc for about $2.2 billion, marking its entry into the water utility business. 
Enron, based in Houston, said it was forming a new unit to pursue opportunities in the world's fragmented $300 
billion water and waste management business. 
"The development, ownership and operation of water infrastructure is a logical extension of Enron's expertise 
developed in the worldwide energy business," Enron Chairman Kenneth Lay said in a statement. 
In a news conference later, Lay added, "The water business can become a very significant factor in Enron's total 
portfolio of businesses ... It's about a $300 billion market going to a $400 billion market early in the next decade." 
Wessex, based in the western English city of Bristol, will be the flagship of the new subsidiary. Its executives will 
remain with the company, with Chairman Nicholas Hood and Chief Executive Colin Skellett playing an active role 
in the new international water business. 
Hood told Reuters he was confident the deal would win regulatory approval. He said the agreed price of 630 
pence per share ($10.33) in cash, valuing Wessex at about 1.36 billion pounds ($2.23 billion), was a 28 percent 
premium to the Wessex closing stock price on Thursday. 
Enron's stock ended at $55.25, down $1.25 a share, in composite New York Stock Exchange trading. 
Industry analysts said the deal, while expensive, made sense for both companies. 
"It's a pretty full price," said BT Alex. Brown utilities analyst Richard Franklin. 
"Enron is a surprise entrant and is using Wessex as a platform for global expansion. And we don't think this will 
be referred to the Monopolies Commission," Panmure Gordon analyst Philip Hollobone said. 
Hood said that Wessex had wanted to expand abroad but was not big enough and Enron, one of the world's 
largest electricity and gas companies, had the financial strength needed to compete with rivals such as French 
companies Suez Lyonnaise des Eaux and Vivendi. 
"When Enron came to us - and they told us they had been looking at us for some time - we thought this was just 
what we wanted," he said. 
Enron approached Wessex just eight or nine days ago, Hood said, adding the new venture already had potential 
deals in mind. 
He declined to reveal what these were but said they would probably be in Europe, Latin America or Asia, where 
government moves to sell off state-owned water assets are taking place. The company also has plans for 
activities in North America. 
The new subsidiary is expected to add to Enron's earnings in its first full year, Lay said. 
Hood said the deal would help Wessex expand, and that no layoffs were planned.

Page 19 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"This offer will make Wessex the heart of a global water infrastructure business, one which we believe will 
become a world leader," he said. 
(C) Reuters Limited 1998. 
Document lba0000020010925du7o005az

Page 20 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Wessex swoop opens water bid floodgates 
Wessex swoop opens water bid floodgates 
JONATHAN PRYNN 
437 words 
24 July 1998 
The Evening Standard 
NS 
B
33 
English 
(c) 1998 Associated Newspapers. All rights reserved 
BRITAIN'S privatised water industry was effectively put "in play" today as the American energy giant Enron 
swooped on Wessex Water in a Pounds 1.4 billion agreed take-over bid. 
The bid, the first in the sector by an American company, sent other water shares soaring as dealers anticipated 
further deals. As Wessex shares jumped 123p to 616p, analysts compared the move with the first US takeovers 
of electricity companies three years ago. 
Houston-based Enron, already one of the biggest overseas investors in Britain's electricity generation industry, is 
offering 630p in cash for Wessex shares, a 27.8% premium to last night's closing price. 
The offer is a 12.5 multiple of Wessex's earnings last year, compared with a sector rating of 11.3. There is a loan 
note alternative and Wessex shareholders retain the right to their 14.1p final dividend. 
Enron chairman and chief executive officer Kenneth Lay said the company wanted to build a global water 
infrastructure company to tap into the $70 billion a year market. 
Wessex was identified because of the strength of its management and its reputation for high levels of efficiency, 
Lay said. Wessex, second smallest of the 10 English and Welsh water and sewerage companies, tops the tables 
on most measures of efficiency. 
Wessex chief executive Nicholas Hood, who stays on with the company, said it had been looking to break into 
the international infrastructure market but realised it did not have enough financial muscle. He said: "Wessex is 
small but beautiful and our capacity to take on mega-deals is limited by our balance sheet." 
The deal will leave the core operations of the water and sewerage utility unchanged but will allow Wessex to strut 
on the world stage in the company of giants such as France's Generale des Eaux, he said. 
The bid comes in the middle of a drawn-out regulatory review by water regulator Ian Byatt that has cast a pall 
over the sector for much of the year. Although Lay said he was confident Wessex would emerge well from the 
review, some analysts said the uncertainty had put a cap on the offer price. 
Merrill Lynch water analyst Robert Miller-Bakewell said: "This just transfers the risk associated with the periodic 
review from Wessex Water's shareholders to those of Enron." 
Although the bid is likely to be examined carefully by the Office of Fair Trading, analysts believe it is likely to 
escape a referral because Enron is not already involved in the UK water industry. 
959283264 
HOOD: STAYING ON 
Document NS00000020060407du7o00d93

Page 21 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Wessex/Enron -3: Shareholders Still Entitled To Final Div 
Wessex/Enron -3: Shareholders Still Entitled To Final Div 
249 words 
24 July 1998 
03:28 
Dow Jones International News 
DJI 
English 
(Copyright (c) 1998, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
Wessex said its shareholders, except those in the U.S. and certain other overseas holders, can elect to receive a 
loan note alternative instead of cash. They will also retain their right to the proposed final dividend of 14.1 pence a 
share. 
Further, the offer extends the scrip dividend offer connected to the final dividend, which Wessex said will allow its 
shareholders to obtain an additional 5.4 pence a share over the offer price. 
Enron is a leading global energy group with assets of about $24 billion, producing electricity and natural gas, 
constructing and operating energy facilities and offering financial services. 
The acquisition of Wessex represents Enron's first step in establishing a new company to pursue the 
international water market. The U.S. company said the new unit will own and operate strategic water and 
waste-water assets, such as local distribution systems and treatment facilities. 
"The development, ownership and operation of water infrastructure is a logical extension of Enron's expertise 
developed in the worldwide energy business," said Enron Chairman and Chief Executive Kenneth Lay. "The 
proposed acquisition of Wessex represents an outstanding opportunity to build an international water business 
through a separate subsidiary." 
Lay added there are only a handful of large private companies in the $300 billion global water market and there 
are tremendous opportunities for future growth as the industry moves toward privatization and consolidation. 
(MORE) Dow Jones Newswires 24-07-98 
0728GMT 
Document dji0000020010916du7o069r5

Page 22 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Enron Dives Into Water Business, And Mkt Reacts Coolly >ENE 
Enron Dives Into Water Business, And Mkt Reacts Coolly >ENE 
By Loren Fox 
495 words 
24 July 1998 
14:37 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(Copyright (c) 1998, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--After becoming a big success in natural gas, then in electricity, Enron Corp. (ENE) 
Friday unveiled its entry into the water business Friday. 
Enron is buying Wessex Water PLC, a water utility in England, for 1.4 billion pounds, or roughly $2.23 billion, in 
cash, as a platform for building a global water business. 
"This could become as large as our natural-gas or electricity business in just a few years," Enron Chairman and 
Chief Executive Kenneth Lay in a conference call with reporters. 
Despite the potential touted by the Houston-based company, Wall Street was cool to the news. The main 
hesitation: concern that Enron might spread itself too thin by adding another core business - especially a week 
after agreeing to buy control of a Brazilian electric utility for $1.3 billion. 
"I have enromous confidence in Enron's management when they go ahead and buy a Brazilian electric utilty or 
U.K. water company," said Steven Parla, an analyst at Credit Suisse First Boston. "The key driver of this 
company, however, remains the enormous profit opportunities in gas and electricity, both in North America and 
Western Europe, and ultimately South America. Investors need to be comfortable that the former will not distract 
from the latter." 
Enron's goal is to expand in the water and wastewater treatment businesses, both by owning and operating 
systems and by building new ones. 
This would add yet another piece to the complicated entity that is Enron: a company with $20.3 billion in 1997 
revenues, active in gas pipelines, electric utilities, wholesale energy sales and energy management, and 
developing power plants. Enron also owns 53% of an oil and gas producing company. 
Some questioned the wisdom of entering an entirely new business when Enron's wholesale energy and services 
operation - which grew by 85% in the second quarter - just recently established itself as the growth engine for the 
company. 
Could Enron spread itself too thin? "That's always a risk," said Jefferies & Co. analyst Carl Kirst. But he said 
that's less of a risk at Enron, with its deep management. 
Enron's new water business will be headed up by Rebecca Mark, chairman of Enron International and 
considered a rising star in the company. 
Although Enron had hinted for more than a year that it wanted to expand, the Wessex acquisition took many 
company-watchers by surprise. 
"There were alot of other acquisitions they could have made that woudn't have surprised me," said David Kiefer, 
manager of the Prudential Utility Fund, an Enron shareholder. "It seemed their focus was on other areas." 
Enron's NYSE-listed shares were recently down 1 5/16, or 2.3%, at 55 3/16. Observers said the stock was down 
on the uncertainty surrounding the entry into a new business. 
(MORE) DOW JONES NEWS 07-24-98 
02:37 PM

Page 23 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Document dj00000020010916du7o06qdx

Page 24 of 24 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Wessex/Enron -3: Shareholders Still Entitled To Final Div 
Wessex/Enron -3: Shareholders Still Entitled To Final Div 
251 words 
24 July 1998 
03:29 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(Copyright (c) 1998, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
Wessex said its shareholders, except those in the U.S. and certain other overseas holders, can elect to receive a 
loan note alternative instead of cash. They will also retain their right to the proposed final dividend of 14.1 pence a 
share. 
Further, the offer extends the scrip dividend offer connected to the final dividend, which Wessex said will allow its 
shareholders to obtain an additional 5.4 pence a share over the offer price. 
Enron is a leading global energy group with assets of about $24 billion, producing electricity and natural gas, 
constructing and operating energy facilities and offering financial services. 
The acquisition of Wessex represents Enron's first step in establishing a new company to pursue the 
international water market. The U.S. company said the new unit will own and operate strategic water and 
waste-water assets, such as local distribution systems and treatment facilities. 
'The development, ownership and operation of water infrastructure is a logical extension of Enron's expertise 
developed in the worldwide energy business,' said Enron Chairman and Chief Executive Kenneth Lay. 'The 
proposed acquisition of Wessex represents an outstanding opportunity to build an international water business 
through a separate subsidiary.' 
Lay added there are only a handful of large private companies in the $300 billion global water market and there 
are tremendous opportunities for future growth as the industry moves toward privatization and consolidation. 
(MORE) DOW JONES NEWS 07-24-98 
03:29 AM 
Document dj00000020010916du7o06nhu 
Search Summary 
Text Kenneth Lay AND Wessex AND enron 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/1999 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company All Companies 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

