Page 1 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE aims to unlock Europe's property riches. ..................................................................................................................2 
GE Reshapes Its Businesses for Growth ........................................................................................................................3 
Amersham bought by General Electric for $9.5b.(Monday, October 13)(Brief Article)....................................................5 
GE goes for some strong medicine. ................................................................................................................................6 
Sir William of Amersham enters GE's inner circle;Agenda..............................................................................................7 
Health pace setter is apple of GE's eye. .........................................................................................................................9 
AMERSHAM, the medical imaging and biotechnology group, is a great British success story.....................................11 
GE's £5.7bn offer lands Amersham...............................................................................................................................13 
GE buys Amersham ......................................................................................................................................................14 
A future in big diseases is diagnosed - GE's agreed offer for Amersham is a bet on personalised ... ..........................15 
GE puts faith in personalised medicine with purchase of UK diagnostics leader - HEALTH - Latest ... .......................17 
GE reveals Amersham deal as earnings dip. ................................................................................................................19 
General Eclectic THE LEX COLUMN............................................................................................................................20 
GE snaps up dye maker Amersham: 'We'll see what they have to do to get the deal done': US$9.5B all-stock offer ..... 
21 
City - City Comment - Castell the main man as GE secures its healthcare fix..............................................................23 
Outlook - A vision thing as GE leviathan consumes Sir Bill's Amersham......................................................................24 
A future in big diseases is diagnosed............................................................................................................................26 
Amersham agrees to GBP 5.7bn offer from GE............................................................................................................28 
GE's Immelt says absolutely no plans to sell off Amersham units. ...............................................................................29 
GE Moves Quickly To Buy Health Firm --- Company's Swift Approach For Amersham May Deter Other Potential 
Bidders ..........................................................................................................................................................................30 
Amersham adds to GE personalized-medicine muscle.................................................................................................32 
WRAPUP 3-GE to buy Amersham for $9.5 bln, reins in guidance................................................................................33 
GE Is Near to Making Firm Offer for Amersham ...........................................................................................................35 
GE near deal with Amersham .......................................................................................................................................37 
GE to buy medical firm Amersham for 9.5 bln dollars. ..................................................................................................39 
GE set to buy British medical firm Amersham for 5.7 billion pounds.............................................................................41 
GE of U.S. Makes Overture To Buy Diagnostics Firm --- Amersham Stock Soars 16%; Preliminary Move Augurs 
Competing Bids in Future..............................................................................................................................................42

Page 2 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE aims to unlock Europe's property riches. 
GE aims to unlock Europe's property riches. 
By ANDREA FELSTED. 
370 words 
30 October 2003 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
23 
English 
(c) 2003 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
General Electric intends to pursue deals in the European property sector to take advantage of attractive 
valuations. 
The company said it was interested in opportunistic public-to-private investments, citing discounts of 20-50 per 
cent to net asset value among European property groups, although it did not mention specific targets. 
Michael Pralle, chief executive officer of GE Real Estate, said: "Our goal is to go in and unlock these companies 
and break them up and sell them for their underlying real estate value." 
GE was one of two financiers that took MEPC, the UK property company, private in 2000, starting the trend for 
property companies to leave the stock market. Mr Pralle said it was keen to be involved in similar transactions. 
The comments came as Canary Wharf, owner of property in London's Docklands, awaits two bids - from a 
Morgan Stanley-led consortium and Brascan, the Canadian property company. 
GE said it was also interested in large sale and leaseback transactions as corporations outsourced property 
ownership. 
The remarks were made as the company stuck by its fourth-quarter earnings forecast, although it did not raise 
estimates of cost savings from its $9.5bn acquisition of Amersham, the UK's largest healthcare business, as had 
been expected. 
Fourth-quarter earnings are forecast at 45-47 cents a share. 
Keith Sherin, finance director, said reported earnings were expected to grow by 45 per cent in the final quarter, 
while 10 of the group's 13 businesses were expected to increase earnings by double-digit percentages. GE left its 
forecast for cost-savings from the Amersham acquisition at $350m-$400m ( £207m-£236m). 
Separately, Amersham said yesterday that it expected to meet full-year earnings targets. It reported sales of 
£393m in the three months to September 30, against £378m in the same period last year, at constant exchange 
rates and excluding discontinued product sales. 
Jeffrey Immelt, GE chairman and chief executive, has embarked on a strategy of expanding or buying 
high-growth, high-return operations and closing or selling businesses that are flagging. 
GE shares ended 31 cents, or 1.1 per cent, higher at $28.83. 
London Edition 3. 
Document FTFT000020031030dzau0009y

Page 3 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE Reshapes Its Businesses for Growth 
GE Reshapes Its Businesses for Growth 
By JOHN CHRISTOFFERSEN 
Associated Press Writer 
796 words 
21 October 2003 
01:12 
Associated Press Newswires 
APRS 
English 
(c) 2003. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. 
FAIRFIELD, Conn. (AP) - General Electric Co., whose reputation for strong profits has dimmed lately, is trying to 
put a jolt in its businesses. 
The conglomerate, whose holdings range from light bulbs and appliances to financial services and the NBC 
television network, announced two of its largest acquisitions ever this month. The deals are part of a broader, 
long-term strategy aimed at restoring double-digit profit growth by transforming GE's portfolio of businesses. 
"We really are changing the characteristics of the company for the future," GE chief executive Jeffrey Immelt told 
analysts. 
But reshaping one of the world's most valuable companies takes time. GE last week reported an 11 percent drop 
in third-quarter profits and said its earnings for the rest of the year may come in lower than expected, generating 
some unrest. 
"I think people are beginning to realize this is a multiyear transition. People kind of woke up to that," said 
Lawrence J. Horan, a GE analyst and research director for Parker/Hunter in Pittsburgh. "I think there's been some 
dissatisfaction because most of these things are long term." 
Analyst Nicholas Heymann of Prudential Securities offered a generally upbeat report on the strategy. But he 
warned that "GE's stature with investors could quickly move from a `show me' to a `penalty box' stock" if the plan 
does not show results soon. 
"In short, we believe 2004 is shaping up as a very critical payback year for the company after 2002 became the 
`year of disappointment' and 2003 `the year of transition' for GE's business portfolio," Heymann wrote. 
The problem is this: GE's profits lately have not been lighting up the investment world. Some of GE's core 
businesses, such as power plant gas turbines, plastics and aircraft engines, have had to cope with sharp 
downturns in their industries and weaknesses in the economy. 
GE is moving into what it considers high-growth areas as it reshapes its portfolio into a set of technologically 
advanced, services-oriented and capital efficient businesses. 
With the latest acquisitions, the 111-year-old company is looking to strengthen two of its key businesses, media 
and medical equipment. 
GE is buying Britain's Amersham PLC for $9.5 billion in a deal to broaden its capabilities in medical technology. 
And Vivendi Universal has agreed to merge the French company's Hollywood studio, cable TV networks and 
theme parks with NBC. 
GE also has been exploring such areas as Hispanic television, wind power, water technology, oil and gas 
technology, and security and sensors. It has sold some insurance businesses and more divestitures and 
acquisitions are expected. 
One analyst asked whether GE was pursuing too many deals simultaneously. 
Immelt, who took over two years ago after Jack Welch retired, said the company was accustomed to handling 
such deals and downplayed the risks. "I'm not a deal junkie," Immelt said.

Page 4 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Heymann wrote that while more smaller acquisitions are likely, he doubts additional major acquisitions are likely 
for at least a few years. 
Heymann praised the deal with Vivendi, saying the new NBC Universal entity stands to become one of the 
fastest-growing and most-profitable media companies. 
The Amersham acquisition should make GE a leader in products and technologies used in disease diagnosis 
and molecular medicine, Heymann said. 
Some analysts think the medical field could become as important to GE this decade as power turbines were in the 
1990s. 
Analysts do have some worries about the deals, including the volatility of the movie industry and the price paid for 
Amersham. 
A broader issue is whether the areas GE is targeting for long-term growth will prove fruitful. 
"They better make sure the markets are as large as they're expecting them to be," said Gary Bierc, president of 
The Kingston Group Limited, a strategic risk management firm. "My concern with GE is if they're going after a lot 
of stuff, what is your focus?" 
Conglomerates need to guard against growth for the sake of growth, losing their focus on core businesses, and 
moving into new areas they do not fully understand, said Randall Eisenberg, chairman of the Turnaround 
Management Association. 
But there is also risk in not changing. While many companies that were once household names have come and 
gone, GE is the only surviving company of the original Dow components and has been a mainstay in the 
marketplace, in part because of wrenching changes it underwent early in Welch's tenure. 
GE appears to be heading in the right direction and has a good track record of execution, Horan said. But the 
results may take time. 
"This is not your little row boat," Horan said. "This is Queen Mary II." 
7
Document APRS000020031021dzal000i1

Page 5 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Amersham bought by General Electric for $9.5b.(Monday, October 13)(Brief Article) 
Amersham bought by General Electric for $9.5b.(Monday, October 13)(Brief Article) 
185 words 
20 October 2003 
BioWorld Week 
BIOK 
2
Volume 11; Issue 42 
English 
Copyright 2003 Gale Group. All rights reserved. 
London-based Amersham plc agreed to be taken over by General Electric Co. in a 5.7 billion [pounds sterling] 
(US$9.5 billion) deal that would create a $13 billion turnover business with a vision to drive the development of 
personalized medicine. Jeffrey Immelt, CE chairman and CEO, said the merger "opens up a new chapter in 
health care," adding that the combination would accelerate development of molecular imaging and personalized 
medicine, allowing for the prediction and treating of disease with tailored therapies "in a way no one else could 
accomplish." The recommended deal would give Amersham shareholders 0.4367 new GE shares for every 
Amersham share, valuing them at 8 [pounds sterling] each. That is a 45 percent premium to the closing price of 
5.72 [pounds sterling] on Oct. 8. The new shares would represent 3 percent of GE's overall equity. Amersham 
will be combined with CE Medical under a new banner called GE Healthcare Technologies, to be based in the 
UK. 
COPYRIGHT 2003 A Thomson Healthcare Company 
Document BIOK000020031024dzak00003

Page 6 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE goes for some strong medicine. 
GE goes for some strong medicine. 
370 words 
13 October 2003 
New Zealand Herald 
NZHLD 
English 
(c) 2003 The New Zealand Herald 
General Electric (GE) has agreed to buy UK-based Amersham for US$9.5 billion ($15.8 billion), the US 
conglomerate's biggest takeover in Europe. 
The takeover will tap growth in medical-imaging equipment and services as profit from some of its other 
businesses shrinks. 
Chief executive Jeffrey Immelt announced the purchase as General Electric, the world's second-largest 
company by market value, said third-quarter profit declined 11 per cent. 
GE's earnings have declined for four straight quarters, hurt by falling orders for turbines, jet engines and plastic. 
Immelt, who will fall short of his goal of 10 per cent annual profit growth, has agreed to more than US$26 billion in 
acquisitions this year to change the company's mix of businesses. 
"It's exactly the right move and I think Jeffrey Immelt is doing a lot of things that are exactly just right," said 
Stephen Leeb, president of Leeb Capital Management, which holds GE shares in client accounts. 
"This better positions GE in a high, very visible, growth industry. I think it will sort of dampen the cyclical 
fluctuations we have seen." 
General Electric's sales of goods and services - not including the Connecticut-based company's financing 
businesses - fell to US$16.9 billion in the third quarter from US$18 billion, with declines of 18 per cent at its 
turbine unit, 7 per cent at the jet-engine unit and 2 per cent in plastics. 
The Amersham takeover will give GE more control over the diagnosis and molecular-medicine industry, which is 
growing at an annual rate of at least 10 per cent. 
It is the biggest maker of injectable dyes used in magnetic resonance imaging and other medical-screening 
machines. 
General Electric's stock offer is worth 800 pence a share, 21 per cent more than Amersham's closing stock price 
on Friday. 
Amersham was the first state-owned British company to be sold off by Margaret Thatcher's Government as part 
of her programme of privatisation. 
Shares in the Government laboratory were first sold to the public in 1982 and have risen more than any other firm 
the Crown sold in the 1980s. - BLOOMBERG. 
Document NZHLD00020031012dzad00009

Page 7 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Sir William of Amersham enters GE's inner circle;Agenda 
Business 
Sir William of Amersham enters GE's inner circle;Agenda 
William Lewis, Business editor 
493 words 
12 October 2003 
The Sunday Times 
ST 
Business 4 
English 
© 2003 Times Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 
I AM VERY envious of Sir William Castell. Not because he is a Sir and I am just a plain William. And not because 
his annual pay is about to rocket from Pounds 1.1m to nearer Pounds 5m. 
Rather it is because Castell, through successfully selling the Amersham healthcare group to General Electric for 
Pounds 5.7billion, is about to become a member of the inner circle at one of the world's most respected -and 
powerful companies. 
Castell says he has been talking to GE for the past two years, but that takeover talks have been in full flow for the 
past four months. 
Yet it was not until last week that Jeffrey Immelt, GE's chairman and chief executive, told Castell the good news: 
he was going to become one of four vice-chairmen of GE. 
This is the top team at GE, and Castell will also run the GE Healthcare Technologies division, accounting for 
about 10% of total revenues and one of its fastest-growing business segments. 
Admittedly the offer came from Immelt only after Castell wrote to his new American colleague: "I have loved 
working with you, and would love to work for you." 
As Paul Durman and Dominic O'Connell point out opposite, in power terms, the extent of its assets, its global 
spread and the nature of its ambition, GE would surely have inspired Karl Marx to write a new book entitled The 
All-powerful Global Corporation". 
To be sure, the company has had its problems, including worries about its accounting and Immelt's ability to 
maintain the high growth levels established by the company's former leader, Jack Welch. 
But its management training remains highly regarded and it is still seen by chief executives of other companies as 
the competitor they most respect and want to emulate. 
So Castell is correct to be excited about being offered the opportunity to go inside GE. If anyone has earned the 
right to do so, he has. Over the past 14 years he has expanded Amersham's business at a compound rate of 
19% a year. 
GE Healthcare Technologies is hoping to be a key beneficiary of the coming era of genetic medicine, offering 
more selective and effective treatment and diagnosis. 
This is a role tailor-made for Castell. 
He will also have a seat at the table at a time when GE is clearly on an acquisitions roll. As well as seeing how 
NBC is going to consolidate Vivendi Universal, he will be intimately involved in plotting new deals. 
Amersham shareholders are being offered GE stock rather than cash. Normally I would criticise this, and suggest 
GE should have offered a choice of paper or cash. Not in this instance. When the regulatory process is completed 
some time next year, take the GE shares, and keep them. 
(C) Times Newspapers Ltd, 2003

Page 8 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Document ST00000020031013dzac0004n

Page 9 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Health pace setter is apple of GE's eye. 
Health pace setter is apple of GE's eye. 
685 words 
12 October 2003 
The Express on Sunday 
THEXSU 
5
English 
(c) Copyright Express Newspapers 2003 
THE bankers who worked night and day on General Electric's £5 .7billion bid for Amersham referred to it as 
"Project Apple". If it is approved the US industrial conglomerate will have cherry-picked one of the world's most 
highly rated healthcare companies. 
GE's chairman and chief executive, Jeffrey Immelt, has been trying to buy Amersham for two years. The 
relationship between Immelt and Sir William Castell, his charismatic counterpart at Amersham, goes back a long 
way. 
The two companies have had a joint venture for nearly a decade but talks about a possible takeover became 
serious only in April when Immelt dined with Castell in New York. In a restaurant at the top of a skyscraper close 
to GE's imposing New York offices the two men discussed how a tie-up would work. 
Talks continued in July when Castell was due to fly to New York. An operation to remove a kidney stone 
prevented him from travelling and Immelt flew to London instead. 
Castell wanted access to GE's huge financial firepower but was reluctant to give up control of the company he 
has worked at since 1989. The result is a compromise of sorts: Amersham will become part of GE's medical 
business but Castell will run it and its headquarters will be in the UK. 
The details of the deal were hammered out after that meeting and the merger was kept under wraps until the end 
of last week when Amersham's share price started to climb sharply. 
At a press conference held on Friday to announce GE's offer, the two men made no attempt to disguise their 
mutual admiration. "Jeff and I have been talking for more than 10 years. It is extraordinary meeting someone with 
that much vision and passion, " gushed Castell. "We have admired Amersham for years, " Immelt responded. 
GE has deep pockets and its 800pper-share offer is designed to deter rivals from launching counter-bids - but the 
deal is a long way from being done. 
Asked about the possibility of a rival bid, Immelt said: "I rule out nothing. 
We are ready for whatever happens but we have spent a lot of time thinking about this." 
A takeover by a US player will spark fears the UK market is losing out to cash-rich rivals across the Atlantic. 
The US makes up 50 per cent of the world's pharmaceuticals market so American groups find it easier to gain 
access to huge funds for acquisitions. 
This was evident in May when British medical equipment group Smith & Nephew lost out in the race to buy Swiss 
rival Centrepulse. US giant Zimmer muscled in with a whopping £1.8billion bid and topped S&N's £1.5billion offer. 
Analysts now think S&N could be a potential target for American players while Alliance Unichem, owner of the 
Moss chemist chain, could also be snapped up. 
Philip Shannon, analyst at Brewin Dolphin, said: "S&N tried to buy Centrepulse but lost out to a US firm - but now 
it is looking a bit exposed and could be in the target zone from a richly backed US operation. 
"Alliance Unichem's strategy is European consolidation but, again, there's nothing to say it couldn't be taken out 
by a US operation. The US has big economies of scale and is wellplaced to buy these companies. 
"It could be argued the US market is a true free market whereas in the UK we have the NHS so there is an 
amount of control (on prices). In the US they can make higher margins, " added Shannon.

Page 10 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
If GE buys Amersham it aims to save $350million (£210million) a year by cutting costs. Jobs will go but Castell's 
is safe as long as the GE bid succeeds. 
If Amersham falls to a rival bid, he is likely to be forced out but at least he won't have to worry about his finances. 
He stands to gain around £2million from selling his shares in the company. 
Document THEXSU0020031014dzac0000d

Page 11 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
AMERSHAM, the medical imaging and biotechnology group, is a great British success story. 
AMERSHAM, the medical imaging and biotechnology group, is a great British success story. 
1,170 words 
12 October 2003 
The Business 
SUNBUS 
English 
(c) Copyright The Business Limited 2003. 
AMERSHAM, the medical imaging and biotechnology group, is a great British success story. It was the first 
company to be privatised by Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher after it emerged from Britain's Atomic Energy 
Authority in 1982 in circumstances so obscure that Michael Foot, the Labour party leader at the time, confused it 
with Amnesty International. Today, it is one of the world's leading companies in the field of medical imaging and 
biotechnology, and Sir Bill Castell is the person who has driven it forward. Castell is a heroic figure in the world of 
genetics. Few know more about the subject than he. Since becoming chief executive in 1989 his boundless 
enthusiasm for genetics and for devices that can deliver drugs accurately to parts of the body where they are 
most needed, has directed Amersham into some of the most fruitful and profitable areas of medicine. 
So it was inevitable that as the really big boys of the business - Switzerland's Roche, America's Johnson & 
Johnson, General Electric Medical Systems (which is currently paying $2bn [£1.2bn, E1.17bn]) for Finland's 
Instrumentarium and America's Zimmer (which is paying $3bn for Switzerland's Centerpulse) - hunt for growth 
opportunities that Amersham would one day come under somebody's diagnostic microscope. That day arrived 
last week with an agreed takeover offer from General Electric (GE). 
The excitement began last Wednesday when Castell announced that Amersham had received an approach that 
could lead to a takeover. No mention of the bidder's name was made but the news sent Amersham's shares 
soaring on the London Stock Exchange by 16% to 700p and its US-traded American Depository Receipts (ADRs) 
to $53.41 (a 12-month high). The following day, GE was revealed as the bidder; by Friday the two sides 
announced that they had agreed an all-share deal worth £5.7bn ($9.5bn). Amersham shareholders will receive 
0.4367 GE shares for each Amersham share, worth 800p, which represents a 45% premium over the 552p 
closing price on 7 October. 
Strangely, Castell has yet to explain why it has all been done with so much haste. It may be because Amersham 
suspected that somebody other than GE was about to make a move. Amersham is already in partnership with 
GE to develop positron emission tomography (PET) imaging equipment, an area the company expects to expand. 
GE also said recently that it intended to expand into the fast growing field of cardiac multiple resonance imaging 
(MRI) in which both Amersham and GE have leading technology. 
All Castell has said so far is: "Combined with the complementary capabilities of General Electric, this transaction 
enables us to accelerate the realisation of our vision of personalised medicine. Our customers should now raise 
their expectations as to what is deliverable." 
This does not fully explain why Amersham, which has rejected approaches in the past, has fallen so quickly for 
GE's diagnostic charms. Amersham is already a leader in its fields of operations and has got there on its own. It 
has enough financial resources of its own and the clout and reputation to obtain further resources if it found the 
need. But the deal with GE is all but done and dusted. 
The remaining question is whether GE's bid will start a feeding frenzy among other pharmaceutical and medical 
giants less likely than GE to be hit by anti-trust barriers. Companies such as Philips of Holland or Siemens of 
Germany which are also in the field of X-ray and MRI body scanners must now be hurriedly examining the 
prospects of launching a counterbid for Amersham. 
GE's chairman and chief executive, Jeffrey Immelt, says: "Amersham's diagnostic pharmaceutical and life 
sciences business will add new, high growth platforms to GE Medical's diagnostic imaging, services and 
healthcare information technology businesses. The combination of this technological and market knowledge will 
allow GE to accelerate the development of molecular imaging and personalised medicine to the point where it will 
be possible to predict and treat disease with therapies tailored to the individual." 
Retaining the quiet-spoken Castell will be as important to GE as the price it is paying. Although 57-year-old 
Castell is as energetic and enthusiastic about the business as ever, there have been rumours that he was

Page 12 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
thinking of hanging up his stethoscope and retiring. Not yet it appears. Castell has accepted a position on the GE 
board. 
Britain needs scientists like Castell and people like Sir Peter Mansfield, the 70-year-old British scientist at the 
University of Nottingham who last week shared the Nobel prize for medicine with Professor Paul Lauterbur of the 
University of Illinois for pioneering work on MRI body scanners. 
MRI scanners are crucial in modern medicine. They do away with the need for exploratory surgery and can reveal 
much more information than X-rays to surgeons about human tissue. Some 60m MRI studies are carried out on 
patients every year. 
MRI scanners may be another great British invention but they are not a great British success story. Although 
pioneered in Britain by Mansfield, who left school at 15 to start work as a printer's compositor, he says he feels 
"let down" because his work on MRI scanners ended up being commercialised abroad. He won't be too keen 
either about seeing Amersham disappear into GE. 
In the 1970s the UK was ahead of the world, he says, in developing MRI scanners. Another British pioneer in this 
field, John Mallard, emeritus professor at Aberdeen University, says that the historical accounts of the 
development of MRI scanners tend to suggest that they were invented in the US when "in fact all the early 
development work was done in this country". 
Sir George Radda, of Oxford University, puts it more tactfully, mindful, perhaps, that Lauterbur, a brilliant 
American scientist, has also shared the Nobel prize with Mansfield. He said that Nobel recognition for the two 
new laureates was long overdue and that they had "clearly been the inventors of magnetic resonance imaging". 
Professor Colin Blackmore, chief executive of the Medical Research Council (MRC), said that when MRC had first 
funded Sir Peter in the 1970s the council did not know whether its huge investment in this area would pay off. "In 
fact it surpassed all hopes," he says. 
Amersham is a complex business. Its largest division, Amersham Health, is world leader in injectable imaging 
agents used in body scanning with sales of £890m last year. Amersham Biosciences, with annual sales of 
£275m, makes the chemicals used in the production and purification of medicines such as insulin and antibody 
treatments. The group also makes the gene-sequencing equipment used in the Human Genome Project. The bid 
from GE has pushed the value of Amersham to just under £6bn, not bad for a British company valued at £71m 
when it left the dead hand of the state and was floated in 1982. 
Document SUNBUS0020031013dzac00019

Page 13 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE's £5.7bn offer lands Amersham. 
GE's £5.7bn offer lands Amersham. 
By Peter Cunliffe Deputy City Editor. 
307 words 
11 October 2003 
The Express 
THEEXP 
89 
English 
(c) 2003 Express Newspapers 
THE US industrial giant General Electric yesterday unveiled a knockout £5.7billion bid for British high-tech 
medical equipment firm Amersham. 
Its agreed 800p-a-share offer is nearly 50 per cent above the share price earlier this week before bid speculation 
sent the stock soaring. 
It compares with a stock market value of £45million when Amersham became the first privatisation of the 
Thatcher government in 1982 with a flotation. 
Last night, the shares closed 100p higher at 760p as hopes faded of a counterbid, possibly from a drugs group 
such as Roche of Switzerland or Johnson &Johnson. 
Some investors may have preferred the option to take cash instead of shares but such a bidder would need to 
have deep pockets to see off GE. 
Amersham chief Sir William Castell said: "It may be that someone else is interested but we can look after our 
customers, our shareholders and our staff with this deal." 
GE's chairman and chief executive, Jeffrey Immelt, added: "I rule out nothing but GE is the most liquid stock in 
the world: it is as good as cash." 
The deal - which is subject to regulatory approval - will give GE control of FTSE-100 group Amersham which 
makes dyes injected into patients undergoing body scans as well as materials used in drugs manufacture and 
systems used in genetic research. 
It will be merged with GE's medical division, which makes scanners and hospital computer systems, to form GE 
Healthcare Technologies (GEHT), a business worth $13billion (£8.1billion) a year. 
Amersham's 10,000 worldwide employees, including 2,500 people in the UK, will transfer to GEHT. This will be 
headed by Castell who will also join the main GE board. Castell owns shares and options worth more than 
£3million. 
Document THEEXP0020031011dzab0003c

Page 14 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE buys Amersham 
Business 
GE buys Amersham 
68 words 
11 October 2003 
Shanghai Daily 
SHND 
English 
Copyright © 2003 Shanghai Daily Company. All Rights Reserved 
General Electric Co agreed to buy Amersham Plc for US$9.5 billion, its biggest takeover in Europe, tapping 
growth in medical imaging as the US conglomerate's profits shrink. Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Immelt 
announced the purchase as the Fairfield, Connecticut-based company, the world's second-largest by value, said 
third-quarter profit declined 11 percent. GE shares fell in Frankfurt trading. 
Document SHND000020031014dzab0001p

Page 15 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
A future in big diseases is diagnosed - GE's agreed offer for Amersham is a bet on personalised ... 
A future in big diseases is diagnosed - GE's agreed offer for Amersham is a bet on personalised ... 
By GEOFF DYER. 
678 words 
11 October 2003 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
9
English 
(c) 2003 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
A future in big diseases is diagnosed - GE's agreed offer for Amersham is a bet on personalised medicine, writes 
Geoff Dyer. 
General Electric gave a $9.5bn endorsement yesterday to "personalised medicine", the idea that recent advances 
in biology will spawn a new generation of diagnostic products that can predict the illnesses individuals will suffer. 
With its agreed offer for UK healthcare group Amersham, the US conglomerate is trying to build a platform to 
take advantage of the new science about genetics and disease and to benefit from the expected rapid growth in 
medical diagnostics. 
"If Pfizer makes therapies effectively, we want to make those therapies work better," said Jeffrey Immelt, GE 
chairman. 
Following GE's Euros 1.75bn acquisition of Instrumentarium, the Finnish medical equipment company, Mr Immelt 
has said he sees healthcare as one of the key areas that will furnish high-growth industrial businesses for the US 
group which announced a drop in earnings yesterday. 
"If you look at the trends for Alzheimer's, cancer and heart disease, we are going to be smack in the middle of all 
these big disease areas." 
Personalised medicine has become one of the buzzwords of the healthcare industry in recent years, a hi-tech 
future that has been espoused by doctors, scientists and company executives alike. 
None has been more enthusiastic than Sir William Castell, Amersham chief executive, who believes that new 
diagnostic technologies will be able to predict diseases, identify diseases before they are clinically important, 
allow doctors to better identify therapy and help them make sure that therapy is working. 
The scientific bet is that if diagnostic products can detect changes in cells at the molecular level, they can identify 
problems well before any symptoms are apparent. 
"Twenty years ago the X-ray department was the most boring part of a hospital scientifically," he said. "Now we 
have a Nobel prize winner for his work in imaging. The business has been transformed." 
However, as Sir William admitted yesterday, he has not always been able to convince investors and analysts that 
Amersham's different activities formed a coherent whole. The group is made up of a unit making contrast agents 
that enhance the imaging of organs and tissue, a protein-separations business and a group that sells instruments 
and software for drug discovery. 
As the new head of GE's Healthcare Technologies Division, which also includes hospital services and IT systems, 
the challenge for Sir William will be to mould Amersham's diverse specialisms with GE's existing skills. The basic 
synergy is not unlike combining computer hardware with software: GE makes imaging equipment that uses 
Amersham's contrast agents. 
GE and Amersham already have a partnership in one of the newer areas of imaging called positron emission 
tomography (PET), which has already being used in the US for the early detection of cancer tumours. The 
radioactive imaging agent used in PET scans comes from GE, while Amersham brought the understanding of 
chemistry needed to bind the agent to the right targets in the body.

Page 16 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Joseph Hogan, head of GE Medical, says PET scans should soon be approved for reimbursement in the US for 
neurological disorders such as Alzheimer's, where they can identify the plaques in the brain that are linked to the 
disease. 
"Until recently people did not know they had dementia until they started to lose their car keys," he says. "Now we 
can put in the agent and light up the plaques and see if the therapies are working." 
For GE watchers, the principal worry about the Amersham deal - on top of the generous premium that GE has 
offered - is its ability to integrate so many new operations. Mr Immelt's week so far has been: merge with Vivendi 
Universal's entertainment arm on Wednesday, complete acquisition of Instrumentarium on Thursday, launch offer 
for Amersham on Friday. "My CFO wants me to take a break," he joked yesterday. 
US Edition 2. 
Document FTFT000020031011dzab00050

Page 17 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE puts faith in personalised medicine with purchase of UK diagnostics leader - HEALTH - Latest ... 
GE puts faith in personalised medicine with purchase of UK diagnostics leader - HEALTH - Latest ... 
By GEOFF DYER and DAVID FIRN. 
1,165 words 
11 October 2003 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
5
English 
(c) 2003 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
GE puts faith in personalised medicine with purchase of UK diagnostics leader - HEALTH - Latest acquisition puts 
conglomerate at the centre of key growth area, writes Geoff Dyer. 
General Electric gave a $9.5bn ( £5.7m) endorsement yesterday to "personalised medicine", the idea that recent 
advances in biology will spawn a new generation of diagnostic products that can predict the illnesses individuals 
will suffer. 
With its agreed offer for UK healthcare group Amersham, the US conglomerate is trying to build a platform to 
take advantage of the advances in genetics and expected growth in medical diagnostics. "If Pfizer is a company 
that makes therapies effectively, we want to be the company that makes those therapies work better," Jeffrey 
Immelt, chairman of GE, said in an interview with the Financial Times. 
Following GE's Euros 1.75bn ( £1.23bn) acquisition of Instrumentarium, the Finnish medical equipment company, 
Mr Immelt has made clear that he sees healthcare as a key growth area for the US conglomerate, which 
yesterday reported lower third-quarter earnings. 
"If you look at the trends for Alzheimer's, cancer and heart disease, we are going to be smack in the middle of all 
these big disease areas," he said. 
Personalised medicine has become one of the buzzwords of the healthcare industry, a high-technology future that 
has been espoused by doctors, scientists and company executives alike. 
None has been more enthusiastic than Sir William Castell, the chief executive of Amersham. He believes that 
new diagnostic technologies will be able to predict diseases and identify them before they are clinically important. 
The technology, he argues, will also allow doctors to better identify therapy and make sure it is working. 
The scientific bet is that if diagnostic products can detect changes in cells at the molecular level, they can identify 
problems well before any symptoms are apparent. 
"Twenty years ago the X-ray department was one of the most boring parts of a hospital from a scientific point of 
view," Sir William said. "Now we have a Nobel prize winner for his work in imaging. The business has been 
transformed." 
However, as he admitted yesterday, he has not always been able to convince the company's investors and 
analysts that Amersham's different activities formed a coherent whole. The group is made up of a unit making 
contrast agents that enhance the imaging of organs and tissue, a protein separations business and a group that 
sells instruments and software for drug discovery. 
As the new head of GE's Healthcare Technologies Division, which includes hospital services and information 
technology systems, the challenge for Sir William will be to mould Amersham's diverse specialisms with GE's 
existing skills. 
The basic synergy is not unlike combining computer hardware with software: GE makes imaging equipment that 
uses Amersham's contrast agents. Indeed, Amersham has been caught out in the past by developing new 
agents that were not compatible with the hardware. 
GE and Amersham already have a partnership in one of the newer areas of imaging called positron emission 
tomography (PET), which is already used in the US for the early detection of tumours. The radioactive imaging

Page 18 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
agent used in PET scans comes from GE, while Amersham brought the understanding of chemistry needed to 
bind the agent to the right targets. 
Joseph Hogan, head of GE Medical, says PET scans should soon be approved for reimbursement in the US for 
neurological disorders such as Alzheimer's, where they can identify the plaques in the brain that are linked to the 
disease and analyse their chemical composition. 
Mr Hogan says: "Until recently, people did not know they had dementia until they started to lose their car keys. 
Now we can put in the agent and light up the plaques in the brain and see if the therapies are working." This 
approach of using high-tech diagnostics to predict diseases or catch them early is widely used by breast cancer 
specialists in the US. Our challenge is to broaden it and make it happen as quickly as possible." 
For GE watchers, the principal worry about the Amersham deal - on top of the generous premium that GE has 
offered - is its ability to integrate so many new operations. Mr Immelt's week, so far, has been: merge with Vivendi 
Universal's entertainment arm on Wednesday, complete acquisition of Instrumentarium on Thursday, launch the 
offer for Amersham on Friday. "My CFO (chief financial officer) wants me to take a break," he joked yesterday. 
The integration risks are particularly high in the healthcare sector where the real assets are often the researchers. 
Sir William not only has to turn scientific excitement into innovative products, but he also has to ensure the 
talented people do not walk out the door. 
A SHARED VISION BROUGHT JEFF IMMELT AND SIR WILLIAM CASTELL TO THE NEGOTIATION TABLE If 
you did not know the market capitalisation of General Electric was 33 times as high as Amersham's you might 
have thought that Jeff Immelt and Sir William Castell were announcing a merger of equals yesterday, writes David 
Firn. Amersham is GE's third mega-deal this week, but the fact that Mr Immelt flew to London to finalise the deal 
because Sir William was recovering from a kidney operation, shows how keen the US conglomerate is to keep 
the UK executives on side. It seems the two men have been quietly courting each other for two years. Mr Immelt 
says the pair are both technology "wonks". He was fascinated by the molecular probes Amersham was 
developing to target cancer, Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's as part of a collaboration between the 
companies. So, shortly after becoming chief executive, he called Sir William and suggested dinner. The pair met 
at GE's headquarters on the 53rd Floor of the Rockefeller Centre, shortly after destruction of the World Trade 
Centre. "I was a bit nervous that day," Sir William says. But the two got on well. As they talked about the science, 
they realised they shared a vision of personalised medicine. "I had a dream: one day it would be possible to look 
inside a person's cells and see how new drugs were affecting the DNA," Sir William says. It was not long before 
conversation shifted to business and how they could achieve their scientific vision. GE was not the only suitor Sir 
William talked to. "Siemens and Roche both have the same vision of how the diagnostics market will change," he 
says. But, in the end, he says Roche did not offer as good a strategic fit as GE. Although GE and Amersham 
were collaborating on new products, Sir William says Chinese walls between the companies were slowing down 
the work. "At the end of the day innovation is still about the coffee table. You need to get the scientists round the 
coffee table," he says. 
1. 
Document FTFT000020031011dzab00037

Page 19 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE reveals Amersham deal as earnings dip. 
GE reveals Amersham deal as earnings dip. 
By GEOFF DYER and DAN ROBERTS. 
420 words 
11 October 2003 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
1
English 
(c) 2003 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
General Electric shed light on the pressures driving its acquisition spree yesterday with a fall in third-quarter 
earnings and slower growth in its core industrial divisions. 
As the company launched a £5.7bn agreed offer for UK diagnostics group Amersham, Jeffrey Immelt, GE 
chairman and chief executive, said his spate of deals in the medical, media and insurance sectors were 
transforming the industrial giant. 
Despite the Amersham announcement, GE shares were down 2.4 per cent in early trading as investors digested 
a flat outlook for its traditional business of aircraft engines, plastics and electricity turbines. 
Third-quarter earnings fell 11 per cent to $3.65bn, in line with expectations, and down 2 per cent before the effect 
of recent accounting changes. 
The company also trimmed its fourth-quarter forecast from between 46 and 49 cents per share to 45-47 cents. 
Revenue grew 2 per cent compared with the same period last year to $33.4bn, but industrial sales fell 5 per cent 
to $16.5bn. 
Speaking to the FT, Mr Immelt said: "The goal is to get some good industrial businesses which are growing as 
fast or faster (than financial services)." 
The changing character of the group drew questions about the risk of overpaying and executing so many deals at 
once, but Mr Immelt said he was comfortable with the premium necessary to secure growth businesses. 
"We are continuing to exit low growth and low return businesses to change the character of this company and 
make it a technology, services and finance company." 
With reference to the regulatory authorities, with which GE has had problems in the past, particularly the 
European Commission, Mr Immelt said: "We wouldn't do this (the Amersham deal) if we didn't think we could 
have a good, constructive dialogue with Brussels, or Washington for that matter. We think it is pro-customer." The 
companies expect regulatory approval in the first half of next year. 
Following the Amersham deal, GE's new Healthcare Technologies division will be the first to have its 
headquarters outside the US. Sir William Castell, chief executive of Amersham, will run the division from London 
and join the GE board. 
GE has offered £8.00 per Amersham share, a premium of 45 per cent to the price before Amersham announced 
on Wednesday it was in talks. Shares in Amersham closed up 15 per cent at £7.60 yesterday. Lex, Page 18 
Personalised medicine, M5 
1. 
Document FTFT000020031011dzab0002y

Page 20 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
General Eclectic THE LEX COLUMN. 
General Eclectic THE LEX COLUMN. 
259 words 
11 October 2003 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
18 
English 
(c) 2003 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
General Electric has had a busy week. It has finalised a $14bn deal to merge NBC with Vivendi's Universal, 
closed the $2bn acquisition of Instrumentarium and has now launched an agreed $9.5bn offer for Amersham, the 
UK medical company. It had been widely assumed that no-one would want both bits of Amersham. Its 
diagnostics arm, which makes dyes that show up on medical scanners, is very different from its protein 
separations and discovery systems units. Jeffrey Immelt, GE's chairman, however, wants it all. 
At first sight, the price is high - and Amersham shareholders will seize it gratefully. GE is offering a 58 per cent 
premium to Amersham's average share price over the three months before this week's bid talk. Three-quarters of 
this premium is likely to be covered by cost savings. It should be well within GE's reach to take 3 per cent out of a 
$10bn cost base in three years. But the rest depends on revenue synergies. 
Again, some gains should be within reach. GE's client-base in hospitals dovetails well with Amersham's greater 
academia penetration, creating scope for cross-selling. But there is not much gain from selling Amersham's dyes 
alongside GE's scanners, without reopening the bundling issue that has caused GE problems with competition 
authorities before. Immelt says he has quit the regulatory prediction business, but Instrumentarium took nine 
months to clear. The overlap is small, but Amersham, too, may take a while to complete. 
London Edition 1. 
Document FTFT000020031011dzab00028

Page 21 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE snaps up dye maker Amersham: 'We'll see what they have to do to get the deal done': US$9.5B all-stock offer 
Financial Post: World 
GE snaps up dye maker Amersham: 'We'll see what they have to do to get the deal done': US$9.5B 
all-stock offer 
Angela Zimm 
Bloomberg News 
520 words 
11 October 2003 
National Post 
FINP 
National 
FP08 
English 
(c) 2003 National Post . All Rights Reserved. 
NEW YORK - General Electric Co. agreed yesterday to buy Amersham PLC for US$9.5-billion, its biggest 
takeover in Europe, tapping growth in medical imaging as the U.S. conglomerate's profits shrink. 
Jeffrey Immelt, GE's chief executive, announced the purchase as the Fairfield, Conn-based company, the 
world's second-largest by value, said third-quarter profit declined 11%. 
Amersham, which makes injectable dyes used with General Electric's medical screening machines, is "fuel for 
growth," said Ivan Kugener, who manages US$700-million in health-care stocks at Lombard Odier Darier Hentsch 
& Cie.. "It's good for GE because it's growing faster than their ongoing business." 
Mr. Immelt has made 120 acquisitions worth US$48-billion since he took the helm of GE from Jack Welch in 
September 2001. 
But General Electric's earnings have declined for four straight quarters, hurt by falling orders for power-plant 
equipment and jet engines and higher costs for raw materials for plastics. 
The Amersham takeover -- GE's largest in health care, would follow a US$2.1-billion purchase of 
Instrumentarium Oyj, a Finnish hospital-equipment maker. 
General Electric's stock offer for Amersham is worth 800 pence a share -- 21% more than Amersham's closing 
stock price yesterday. 
Shares of Little Chalfont, England-based Amersham rose 97 pence, or 15%, to 757 pence on the London Stock 
Exchange. They have risen 37% since Amersham announced on Wednesday it was in talks about a takeover. 
Shares of General Electric dipped slightly in New York Stock Exchange trading. 
Mr. Immelt would not comment on possible antitrust concerns, although Amersham CEO Sir William Castell said 
the companies' products do not overlap, and said he was "confident" that there would not be any regulatory 
issues. General Electric said it expects clearance from European and U.S. authorities in the first half of 2004. 
"We'll see what they have to do to get the deal done," said Richard Steinberg of Steinberg Global Asset 
Management Ltd. He said Mr. Immelt may have to sell parts of Amersham to accomplish the task. 
General Electric wants Amersham to expand in a market growing at 10% a year. 
Amersham is the biggest seller of injectable dyes used to highlight organs and tissues in medical scans. 
General Electric said its third-quarter net income fell 11% to US$3.65-billion, or US36 cents a share, from 
US$4.09-billion (US41 cents) in the year-earlier quarter, after a charge for an accounting change. Excluding the 
US$372-million one-time cost, profit was US$4-billion (US40 cents). Full-year profit will be at the low end of 
forecasts, it said. 
Business

Page 22 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Black & White Photo: Andy Shaw, Bloomberg News / Sir William Castell, chief executive of Amersham PLC, left, 
shares a joke with Jeffrey Immelt, chief executive General Electric Co. after unveiling their US$9.5-billion deal in 
London yesterday. 
Document FINP000020031011dzab0006z

Page 23 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
City - City Comment - Castell the main man as GE secures its healthcare fix. 
City - City Comment - Castell the main man as GE secures its healthcare fix. 
489 words 
11 October 2003 
The Daily Telegraph 
DT 
31 
English 
(c) 2003 Telegraph Group Limited, London 
WELL, we knew that Sir Bill Castell was a national treasure, but nobody, least of all he, could have suspected 
quite how valuable he has turned out to be to the shareholders in Amersham. Not only is General Electric 
prepared to pay a "strategic" price (the usual word when you've paid too much) but Sir Bill becomes one of the 
biggest cheeses in GE, America's leading international company. 
It's hard for most of us to grasp just what an extraordinary vote of confidence this is; firstly to pay nearly £1 billion 
more than the market thought Amersham was worth in a takeover, and then to place the boss in one of the 
highest corporate positions in America. Even at £5.7 billion, this is not a life-changing deal for GE - the new 
shares being issued add just 3pc to the existing total - so Jeff must have seen something really special in Bill. 
Quite right too, say his many fans. Amersham is that rarity, a genuinely science-based business which also 
makes good profits. As the science has advanced, so the company has evolved to turn extraordinary inventions 
into practical tools in life sciences. If this sounds like the way science is supposed to get into our lives, it is, but 
the trick is notoriously hard to pull off and history is littered with companies that owned brilliant inventions but 
failed before turning them into commercial products. 
Jeffrey Immelt is the successor to American corporate icon Jack Welch, and came up the organisation through 
GE Medical. Thanks to an existing joint venture, he has had to endure a couple of years of the Castell evangelism 
about the prospects for diagnostics, analysis and research aids, but in fact Bill was probably preaching to the 
converted. Even across the vast range of GE's activities, there are few that show quite the promise of 
Amersham's businesses. Our appetite for healthcare is limited only by our wallets and, as the developed world 
gets older and richer, more of what's in them will be devoted to trying to keep us going. 
Conventionally, that has meant more and better drugs, but the dream that genetic analysis of disease would allow 
drugs to be designed from the molecule up remains tantalisingly out of reach. At the same time, our increasingly 
risk-averse age is pushing up the cost of development. Worse still, for Big Pharma, are Amersham's diagnostics, 
which can indicate whether any given drug is likely to work for you before you take it. 
Small wonder, then, that GE, looking for a way to get to the heart of the vast world market for healthcare, has 
decided that drug delivery, analysis, diagnosis and targeting present a better prospect. It's just that nobody saw 
how badly the world's premier conglomerate wanted to get aboard. 
Document DT00000020031011dzab0001h

Page 24 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Outlook - A vision thing as GE leviathan consumes Sir Bill's Amersham. 
Outlook - A vision thing as GE leviathan consumes Sir Bill's Amersham. 
By JEREMY WARNER. 
701 words 
11 October 2003 
The Independent - London 
IND 
27 
English 
(c) 2003 Independent Newspapers (UK) Limited . All rights reserved. This material may not be published, 
distributed or exploited in any way. 
IT'S A VISION thing really, or rather, a shared vision thing. Sir William Castell, chief executive of Amersham, is 
hardly alone in looking forward to an age of personalised medicine, when doctors can tell what diseases you 
might be predisposed to from your genetic make-up, or spot them through advanced diagnostic techniques at an 
early stage, and customise the treatments accordingly. This is, after all, the great holy grail of medicine. 
But where he has met some scepticism is in characterising Amersham, a not obviously seamless collection of 
diagnostic imaging and laboratory equipment businesses, as uniquely well placed to deliver that future. Not so 
with Jeffrey Immelt, chairman and chief executive of General Electric, who likes the vision so much he's buying 
the company for a knockout price of £5.7bn. 
For GE, the world's most diverse company and its second largest after Microsoft by market capitalisation, 
Amersham represents little more than small change. The all-share terms amount to just 3 per cent of GE's stock 
market value, or 12 days of typical trading volume in GE stock, which is why Mr Immelt is so confident the deal 
will be a hit with Amersham's UK shareholders. 
Many UK only funds would be precluded from owning shares in GE, but the stock is so liquid that the offer is 
virtually as good as cash anyway. 
Mr Immelt originally came from the medical equipment side of GE, so his interest in Amersham can hardly be 
seen as another casual purchase to add to GE's already burgeoning mantlepiece of trophy assets. He also wholly 
buys the Castell vision of personalised medicine, so much so that he's putting Sir William in charge of the whole 
of GE's healthcare activities and allowing them to be run out of Amersham's existing headquarters in Little 
Chalfont, Buckinghamshire. Furthermore, he promises to keep the whole shebang, confounding the sceptics who 
thought the only bit of Amersham of interest to GE would be the original imaging agents business. 
This fits so neatly with GE's commanding position in diagnostic scanners that it's hard to see why the two took so 
long to get together. GE makes the scanners, Amersham the injectible agents which help the scanners do their 
job. There is no direct overlap of product, but as GE knows to its cost, the competition authorities can have a 
problem with bundling of sales to the same customer base, a strong likelihood in this case, as in "buy your 
scanner from GE and get a year's supply of imaging agents free". 
GE doesn't anticipate a problem, but admits that it doesn't know quite what to expect, given that the bundling 
issue sunk its acquisition of Honeywell three years ago. Sir William expects that having GE as a parent will be a 
powerful driver of sales, taking Amersham into new markets and enabling him to push forward his vision of the 
ultimate diagnostics company. 
No doubt he's right, and in any case, this deal is a brilliant exit for Sir William after 14 years at the helm of one of 
Britain's most dynamic companies. Yet he would also do well to remember, that though he may be the centre of 
attention today, by tomorrow he'll just be another cog in one of the world's largest corporate leviathans. 
Also popped in GE's shopping basket this week alone were the film, television and theme park interests of 
Vivendi Universal and the Finnish medical equipment company Instrumentarium. From electricity turbines to 
lightbulbs and rail locomotives, and from aerospace to broadcasting and financial services, GE is the world's 
greatest conglomerate.

Page 25 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
To the extent that Mr Immelt has a unifying strategy at all for such an extraordinary array of different businesses, 
it can only be that of discarding the lower growth, capital intensive businesses and replacing them with more 
innovative companies in higher growth industries. Even Sir William will struggle to explain what gas turbines have 
to do with personalised medicine. Then again, scanners cannot work without electricity, can they? 
Document IND0000020031010dzab000ak

Page 26 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
A future in big diseases is diagnosed. 
A future in big diseases is diagnosed. 
By GEOFF DYER. 
644 words 
10 October 2003 
Financial Times (FT.Com) 
FTCOM 
English 
(c) 2003 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
General Electric gave a $9.5bn endorsement on Friday to "personalised medicine", the idea that recent advances 
in biology will spawn a new generation of diagnostic products that can predict the illnesses individuals will suffer. 
With its agreed offer for UK healthcare group Amersham, the US conglomerate is trying to build a platform to 
take advantage of the new science about genetics and disease and to benefit from the expected rapid growth in 
medical diagnostics. 
"If Pfizer makes therapies effectively, we want to make those therapies work better," said Jeffrey Immelt, GE 
chairman. 
Following GE's EUR1.75bn acquisition of Instrumentarium, the Finnish medical equipment company, Mr Immelt 
has said he sees healthcare as one of the key areas that will furnish high-growth industrial businesses for the US 
group which announced a drop in earnings yesterday. 
"If you look at the trends for Alzheimer's, cancer and heart disease, we are going to be smack in the middle of all 
these big disease areas." 
Personalised medicine has become one of the buzzwords of the healthcare industry in recent years, a hi-tech 
future that has been espoused by doctors, scientists and company executives alike. 
None has been more enthusiastic than Sir William Castell, Amersham chief executive, who believes that new 
diagnostic technologies will be able to predict diseases, identify diseases before they are clinically important, 
allow doctors to better identify therapy and help them make sure that therapy is working. 
The scientific bet is that if diagnostic products can detect changes in cells at the molecular level, they can identify 
problems well before any symptoms are apparent. 
"Twenty years ago the X-ray department was the most boring part of a hospital scientifically," he said. "Now we 
have a Nobel prize winner for his work in imaging. The business has been transformed." 
However, as Sir William admitted on Friday, he has not always been able to convince investors and analysts that 
Amersham's different activities formed a coherent whole. The group is made up of a unit making contrast agents 
that enhance the imaging of organs and tissue, a protein-separations business and a group that sells instruments 
and software for drug discovery. 
As the new head of GE's Healthcare Technologies Division, which also includes hospital services and IT systems, 
the challenge for Sir William will be to mould Amersham's diverse specialisms with GE's existing skills. The basic 
synergy is not unlike combining computer hardware with software: GE makes imaging equipment that uses 
Amersham's contrast agents. 
GE and Amersham already have a partnership in one of the newer areas of imaging called positron emission 
tomography (PET), which has already being used in the US for the early detection of cancer tumours. The 
radioactive imaging agent used in PET scans comes from GE, while Amersham brought the understanding of 
chemistry needed to bind the agent to the right targets in the body. 
Joseph Hogan, head of GE Medical, says PET scans should soon be approved for reimbursement in the US for 
neurological disorders such as Alzheimer's, where they can identify the plaques in the brain that are linked to the 
disease.

Page 27 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"Until recently people did not know they had dementia until they started to lose their car keys," he says. "Now we 
can put in the agent and light up the plaques and see if the therapies are working." 
For GE watchers, the principal worry about the Amersham deal - on top of the generous premium that GE has 
offered - is its ability to integrate so many new operations. Mr Immelt's week so far has been: merge with Vivendi 
Universal's entertainment arm on Wednesday, complete acquisition of Instrumentarium on Thursday, launch offer 
for Amersham on Friday. "My CFO wants me to take a break," he joked on Friday. 
Document FTCOM00020031011dzaa0001k

Page 28 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Amersham agrees to GBP 5.7bn offer from GE. 
Amersham agrees to GBP 5.7bn offer from GE. 
GARETH MACKIE Business Editor. 
468 words 
10 October 2003 
Evening News - Scotland 
EENS 
3
English 
(c) The Scotsman Publications Ltd. 
AMERSHAM, the British medical group, today agreed to a GBP 5.7 billion takeover offer from General Electric as 
the United States conglomerate seeks to builds its presence in the high-growth, high-technology healthcare 
market. 
The recommended all-share deal is the latest in a series of healthcare takeovers as firms seek critical mass in a 
crowded industry. 
Today's offer values the UK medical imaging and biotechnology company at 800p per share, well above 
yesterday's closing price of 660p. 
Jeffrey Immelt, chief executive of General Electric, said: "GE and Amersham will be an exciting combination of 
talents, businesses and technologies. 
"Amersham's diagnostic pharmaceutical and life sciences business will add new, high growth platforms to GE 
Medical's diagnostic imaging, services and healthcare information technology businesses." 
He added: "The combination of this technological and market knowledge will allow GE to accelerate the 
development of molecular imaging and personalised medicine where it will be possible to predict and treat 
disease with therapies tailored to the individual." 
Under the deal, Amersham chief executive Sir William Castell will become a vice chairman and director of GE 
and chief executive of GE Healthcare Technologies, which will be based in the UK. Joseph Hogan, senior vice 
president of GE, will continue to lead the GE Medical business. 
Sir William said: "This transaction enables us to accelerate the realisation of our vision of personalised medicine. 
"We will have the competencies, the marketing reach and the financial resources to bring disease prediction, 
diagnosis and personalised treatment into the mainstream of medical practice. Our customers should now raise 
their expectations as to what is deliverable from this new chapter in medicine." 
GE said today's deal would not have a negative impact on profits for 2004, and the group forecast annual revenue 
synergies of between GBP 210 million and GBP 240m after three years, with around half of that total being 
achieved by the end of the first full year following the acquisition. 
It expects the cost savings to be achieved through improved sourcing, reduced general and administration and 
global infrastructure costs and operating efficiencies across the combined businesses. 
Amersham's shares leapt this week after it confirmed it had received a takeover approach from an unnamed 
bidder, which was later revealed as GE. 
Amersham, which was formed in 1997 through the mergers of Amersham International, Pharmacia Biotech of 
Sweden and Norway's Nycomed, employs over 10,000 people worldwide and generated sales of GBP 1.6bn last 
year. 
GE Medical operates in more than 100 countries, employing over 30,000 people, and reported an operating profit 
of GBP 1bn last year, on sales of GBP 6bn. 
GE already has a research partnership with Amersham dating back to November 2001. 
Document EENS000020031010dzaa00002

Page 29 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE's Immelt says absolutely no plans to sell off Amersham units. 
GE's Immelt says absolutely no plans to sell off Amersham units. 
206 words 
10 October 2003 
AFX Asia 
AFXASI 
English 
(c) 2003, AFX Asia. All rights reserved. 
LONDON (AFX) - General Electric Co chief executive Jeffrey Immelt said he is not about to sell off parts of the 
Amersham PLC business once the US conglomerate has completed its 5.7 bln stg takeover of the UK diagnostic 
imaging group. 
Speculation ahead of today's well-trailed deal was that GE could claw back up to 1 bln stg back by selling 
Amersham's protein separations unit. 
"We have absolutely no plans to spin off any of these businesses," Immelt told reporters on a conference call to 
discuss the Amersham takeover. 
"We view that these businesses fit well together and work well together." 
Earlier GE said it expected the acquisition to generate revenue synergies of 350-400 mln usd and cost savings of 
300-400 mln usd. 
Immelt wouldn't comment on the number of Amersham jobs GE might cut to achieve its targets, but said the 
company's sales force and research and development operation would remain untouched. 
Amersham's chief executive Sir Bill Castell, who will head the combined group within GE, said there was a "high 
probability" the European Union will give the deal the regulatory green light. 
ijl/cw. 
Document AFXASI0020031014dzaa000iq

Page 30 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE Moves Quickly To Buy Health Firm --- Company's Swift Approach For Amersham May Deter Other Potential Bidders 
A Global Journal Report 
GE Moves Quickly To Buy Health Firm --- Company's Swift Approach For Amersham May Deter Other 
Potential Bidders 
By Anita Raghavan in London and Kathryn Kranhold in New York 
713 words 
10 October 2003 
The Wall Street Journal Europe 
WSJE 
A1 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2003, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
General Electric Co., moving swiftly to clinch a deal with British medical company Amersham PLC, is close to 
unveiling a recommended offer for the British diagnostics company that would value the company at more than 
GBP 5 billion (7.04 billion euros), say people familiar with the situation. 
While the situation was fluid late Thursday, the two companies were moving toward making an announcement as 
early as Friday, these people say. 
A deal between GE and Amersham would marry the diversified industrial and financial services company, which 
has a $10 billion (8.47 billion euros) medical imaging business, with Amersham, a leading player in the medical 
diagnostics and life-sciences businesses. Amersham had sales of GBP 1.62 billion in 2002. 
A deal would mark the Fairfield, Connecticut, conglomerate's entry into the pharmaceuticals business. 
Amersham's biggest unit makes passive pharmaceuticals, or contrast agents, injected into the body before 
medical imaging and scanning. Because the agents are considered passive, and have little impact on the body 
when injected, it takes much less time to get approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. 
GE and Amersham already have a partnership researching new contrast agents that could illuminate diseases at 
a molecular stage before they have fully manifested themselves. GE Chief Executive Jeffrey Immelt, who 
previously led GE's medical systems unit, has highlighted development of its molecular imaging equipment and 
molecular research as one of the company's future growth areas. 
An offer would cap a shopping spree for GE, which has been on a buying binge of higher-growth businesses and 
trying to dump slower businesses. In the past year, it has snapped up companies involved in entertainment, 
health-care information systems and financial services. In a sign of GE's diversity, the company this month signed 
a definitive agreement to buy Vivendi Universal SA's film-and-television assets while completing its $2.3 billion 
acquisition of Finnish medical-device maker Instrumentarium Corp. 
In trading Thursday, Amersham's stock rose 2.9% to 660 pence on news of GE's interest in the company. The 
gains came after Amersham's stock surged 16% on Wednesday following the company's disclosure that it had 
received an approach from an unnamed suitor that could lead to a takeover offer. 
A GE spokesman declined to comment; a spokesman for Amersham wasn't available for comment. 
More gains in the stock are likely today. GE is expected to pay more than 750 pence a share for Amersham, 
bringing the price tag to more than GBP 5 billion, say people familiar with the situation. By moving so quickly, GE 
is hoping to dissuade other potential bidders that may shrink away at the prospect of competing for Amersham, if 
they know they will have to slug it out with a deep-pocketed buyer like GE. 
News of GE's interest in Amersham, for instance, prompted executives at Germany's Siemens AG to consider 
their options Wednesday, though it is unclear if Siemens would be interested in competing with GE for 
Amersham, say people familiar with the situation. Philips Electronics NV is unlikely to make a run for all of 
Amersham, say people familiar with the situation, though the company's medical systems division focuses on 
medical imaging, a strength of Amersham's. Philips had no comment.While General Electric is buying 
Amersham for its imaging business, one part of the company that GE may be less interested in is Amersham's

Page 31 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
protein separation business and its discovery systems business, which together are known as Amersham 
Biosciences, say analysts. 
Amersham's protein separation business is considered its crown jewel with biosciences, although several 
companies are looking to move into protein separation. Amersham considered spinning off the bioscience unit 
last year, but did not in the end citing poor market conditions. 
Possible buyers for the bioscience unit could be Applied Biosystems Group, in Foster City, Calif., and Invitrogen 
Corp., a Carlsbad, Calif.-based company which provides life sciences technologies for disease research, drug 
discovery and commercial bio-production. 
--- 
Dan Bilefsky contributed to this article. 
Document WSJE000020031010dzaa0000l

Page 32 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Amersham adds to GE personalized-medicine muscle. 
Amersham adds to GE personalized-medicine muscle. 
By Debra Sherman 
413 words 
10 October 2003 
17:59 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2003 Reuters Limited 
CHICAGO, Oct 10 (Reuters) - General Electric Co.'s (GE.N) planned $9.5 billion acquisition of Britain's 
Amersham Plc (AHM.L) will solidify GE's position in so-called personalized medicine, which aims to tailor 
health-care based on a patient's genetic makeup, analysts said on Friday. 
Amersham, a top producer of X-ray, ultrasound and other imaging equipment, as well as diagnostic and 
bioscience research equipment, gives new and complementary businesses to GE. Its fast-growing GE Medical 
Systems unit makes medical scanners that use Amersham's diagnostic agents, which are injected into patients 
to detect disease. 
Fairfield, Connecticut-based GE announced the Amersham acquisition earlier on Friday. 
Analysts see personalized medicine as one of the hot growth areas in the medical industry. 
It is Amersham's bioscience business that will give Milwaukee-based GE Medical the tools to potentially detect a 
disease before it ever emerges, analysts said. 
"Part of what personalized medicine means is using the human genome as a tool to design pharmaceuticals that 
have very specific sets of therapy and low side-effect profiles. That will be the standard 10 years from now, and 
that's where the growth is going to be," said Gerry Bollman, a portfolio manager for Idex Mutual Funds. 
GE Chief Executive Jeffrey Immelt, who ran GE Medical before taking the helm of the corporation in 2001, has 
focused much of his efforts on the medical business. He has made about 30 acquisitions over the past several 
years. 
GE Medical Systems has annual revenue of about $10 billion. 
"What I liked about Amersham was that it gave us two legs: the diagnostic-pharmaceutical leg and it also gave 
us the drug discovery leg. These are businesses we know how to make money doing," Immelt told CNBC in an 
interview. 
Amersham is also one of the world's biggest producers of contrast-imaging agents used to enhance image 
quality in X-ray, magnetic resonance imaging, and ultrasound procedures. That business will complement GE 
Medical's existing product base. 
Selling the agents as well as the equipment provides a steady and predictable revenue steam, added Steve 
McNeil, an analyst with State Street Research. 
"It provides one-stop shopping, so the hospitals can buy the machine and the imaging agents from Amersham. I 
think that's the vision here and part of the rationale. Basically, it allows them to better serve their customers," 
McNeil said. 
Document LBA0000020031010dzaa003v0

Page 33 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
WRAPUP 3-GE to buy Amersham for $9.5 bln, reins in guidance. 
WRAPUP 3-GE to buy Amersham for $9.5 bln, reins in guidance. 
By Tim Mclaughlin and Janet McBride 
1,046 words 
10 October 2003 
11:35 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2003 Reuters Limited 
(Recasts lead, adds details, comment from GE chairman, changes byline) 
NEW YORK/LONDON, Oct 10 (Reuters) - General Electric Co. agreed on Friday to buy British medical firm 
Amersham Plc for $9.5 billion as the U.S. conglomerate moves further into high-growth fields amid weaker 
performance at its traditional industrial businesses. 
GE, which had already said it would be unable to meet it most optimistic forecast for double-digit earnings growth 
this year, again cut its 2003 profit outlook, blaming slow economic growth and higher raw material costs in its 
plastics business. 
GE shares fell 2.3 percent, or 71 cents, to $29.41 in morning trade in New York. Shares in Amersham, which 
announced on Wednesday it was in takeover talks with a mystery suitor, surged 15 percent at 756 pence in 
London. 
Under the agreement, GE will pay 800 pence per share in the all-stock deal for Amersham, the latest in a series 
of health sector takeovers as firms seek critical mass in a fragmented industry. 
GE Chief Executive Jeffrey Immelt has orchestrated a string of deals to drive the company into fast-growing 
industries as other parts of its empire come under pressure. 
Over the past several years, GE has made about 30 acquisitions to boost its medical imaging business, which 
Immelt sees as one of its most promising units. Immelt ran GE Medical before becoming chairman and CEO in 
2001. 
"I'm not a deal junkie," Immelt told analysts and investors on a conference call. "That's not the essence of GE. 
We're business operators." 
Economic weakness has affected demand for GE power turbines, its jet engine arm has been hit by an air travel 
slump while higher costs have crimped earnings in plastics. 
GE on Friday cut its full-year earnings forecast to $1.55 to $1.57 a share. The previous estimate was $1.55 to 
$1.61 per share. It was the second time this year that GE cut its full-year outlook, down from an original range of 
$1.55 to $1.70 a share.. 
On Wednesday, GE signed a deal for its NBC television unit to take over Vivendi Universal's entertainment arm. 
The Amersham acquisition brings together two complementary businesses. GE makes medical scanners that 
use Amersham's diagnostic agents, which are injected into patients to detect disease. 
Immelt said buying Amersham, the first UK enterprise to be privatised by Margaret Thatcher's government in the 
1980s, would help GE expand its fast-growing high-technology medical business. 
Pauline McPherson, global fund manager at Standard Life Investments, said Amersham fit well into GE's growth 
strategy, though she added that it was paying a full price and wanted reassurance the deal would not effect its 
credit ratings. 
"I personally would like to see GE slowing down the steady stream (of deals) and not risk over-stretching its 
balance sheet," she said. Standard Life's global portfolio has an "overweight" position on GE stock.

Page 34 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE executives defended the premium they plan to pay for Amersham, citing its projected growth. Also, GE 
expects another $5 billion in equity capital in 2004 from retained earnings on its financial services arm. 
QUARTERLY PROFIT SLIPS 
GE said on Friday its third-quarter profit before an accounting change fell to $4 billion, or 40 cents per share, from 
$4.1 billion, or 41 cents a share, a year earlier, in line with analyst forecasts. 
For the fourth quarter, the company said it expected to post earnings within a range of 45 cents to 47 cents per 
share, down from its prior forecast of 46 cents to 49 cents a share. GE said the new forecast represents a rise of 
up about 45 percent from last year. 
Revenue for the Fairfield, Connecticut-based company, which also has interests in broadcasting and financial 
services, rose 2 percent to $33.4 billion. 
GE said it did not only covet the imaging part of Amersham and would hold on to its life sciences business, which 
supplies technology to make drugs from antibodies and proteins. Amersham also makes equipment to research 
and manufacture drugs. 
"We have absolutely no plans to spin off any of the businesses. These businesses fit well together and work well 
together," Immelt said in a conference call. 
Adding Amersham's skill base would position GE well for the coming era of personalized medicine, in which 
treatment will be customized to the medical profile of each patient, Immelt said. 
"DEEP POCKETS" 
GE plans to pay 0.4367 new GE shares for each Amersham share. It will adjust the ratio if necessary to 
guarantee the 800p value. Analysts said the bid was unlikely to be bettered. 
"You would have to be very competitive and have deep pockets to bid against GE," said Navid Malik, analyst at 
Williams de Broe. 
Other companies previously tipped as bidders included Johnson & Johnson and Roche Holding AG. 
GE said the deal would not hurt 2004 earnings and forecast annual revenue synergies of $350 million to $400 
million after three years, adding it would boost earnings per share by 1 percent by 2005. 
GE already has a research partnership with Amersham dating back to November 2001 to develop imaging tools 
for detecting early signs of cancer and Parkinson's disease. 
In December, it agreed to buy Finnish medical equipment group Instrumentarium for 1.75 billion euros ($2.07 
billion), part of a spate of sector consolidation that recently saw Zimmer Holdings Inc acquire Swiss orthopedics 
firm Centerpulse for around $3 billion. 
Immelt said GE was in constructive talks with antitrust regulators. Amersham Chief Executive Bill Castell said 
there was a "high probability" of the deal clearing regulatory hurdles. 
"There's no product overlap but there is a shared vision," said Castell, who will join GE's board and become CEO 
of the group's GE Healthcare Technologies business. 
Amersham was advised by JP Morgan and Morgan Stanley. GE was advised by Goldman Sachs. 
For a table of GE's revenue and earnings by division, please click on nN10389538 (Additional reporting by Camila 
Reed, Dan Lalor, Mark Potter and Mark Bendeich in London and Chelsea Emery in New York). 
Document LBA0000020031010dzaa001ne

Page 35 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE Is Near to Making Firm Offer for Amersham 
Technology &Health 
GE Is Near to Making Firm Offer for Amersham 
By Anita Raghavan and Kathryn Kranhold 
673 words 
10 October 2003 
The Wall Street Journal 
J
B5 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2003, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
General Electric Co., moving swiftly to clinch a deal with British medical company Amersham PLC, is close to 
unveiling a board-recommended offer for the company that would value it at as much as GBP 5.3 billion ($8.83 
billion), say people familiar with the situation. 
While the situation was fluid yesterday evening, the two companies are moving toward making an announcement 
as early as today that would value Amersham at as much as 800 pence a share, thesepeople say. 
A deal would mark the Fairfield, Conn., conglomerate's entry into the pharmaceuticals business. Amersham's 
biggest unit makes passive pharmaceuticals, or contrast agents, which are injected into the body before medical 
scanning by computer tomography, magnetic resonance imaging, and positron emission tomography, or PET 
imaging. 
GE Medical Systems, with $9 billion in revenue, is the leading maker of these imaging machines. Amersham had 
sales of GBP 1.62 billion in 2002. 
GE and Amersham already have a partnership researching new contrast agents that could illuminate diseases at 
a molecular level before they have fully manifested themselves. GE Chief Executive Jeffrey Immelt, who 
previously headed up GE's medical unit, has highlighted development of its molecular research and imaging 
equipment as one of the company's future growth areas. 
An offer would cap a sweeping shopping spree for GE, which has been on a buying binge of high-growth 
businesses as it looks to transform its portfolio and bring about double-digit growth again. In a sign of GE's 
diversity, the company just days ago signed a definitive agreement to buy Vivendi Universal SA's 
film-and-television assets, while working to complete its $2.3 billion acquisition of Finnish medical-device maker 
Instrumentarium Corp. 
In London trading, Amersham's stock rose 3% to 660 pence on news of GE's interest. The gain followed a 16% 
surge in the stock Wednesday after the company disclosed that it had received an approach from an unidentified 
suitor that could lead to a takeover offer. 
A GE spokesman declined to comment; Amersham wasn't available for comment. 
Amersham's stock is likely to gain further today. GE is expected to pay between 750 and 800 pence a share for 
Amersham, bringing the price tag to as much as GBP 5.3 billion, say people familiar with the situation. By moving 
so quickly, GE is hoping to dissuade other potential bidders, who may shrink away at the prospect of competing 
for Amersham if they know they will have to slug it out with a deep-pocketed buyer. 
GE's enthusiasm for Amersham stems from its expanding molecular imaging business and research. 
At its research center in Niskayuna, N.Y., about 50 scientists have moved into molecular research done typically 
by academic institutions and pharmaceutical companies -- studying specific cell processes associated with 
cancer, heart disease and Alzheimer's disease. The scientists are looking to develop radiopharmaceutical tracers 
that, when injected into the body, can target those diseased cells at an early stage. In the future, PET imaging 
systems would be able to pick up those tracers, providing early detection of disease before a tumor formed or 
dementia set in. 
While GE is buying Amersham for its imaging business, one part of the company that GE may be less interested 
in is Amersham's protein-separation business and its discovery-systems business, which together are known as

Page 36 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Amersham Biosciences, say analysts. Amersham considered spinning off the bioscience unit last year, but 
didn't, citing poor market conditions. 
Possible buyers for the bioscience unit could be Applied Biosystems Group, in Foster City, Calif., and Invitrogen 
Corp., a Carlsbad, Calif., company that provides life-sciences technologies for disease research, drug discovery 
and commercial bio-production. 
At 4 p.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading, GE shares were off seven cents at $30.13 apiece. 
--- 
Dan Bilefsky contributed to this article. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document J000000020031010dzaa0000c

Page 37 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE near deal with Amersham 
Report on Business: The Wall Street Journal 
GE near deal with Amersham 
ANITA RAGHAVAN AND KATHRYN KRANHOLD 
Wall Street Journal 
539 words 
10 October 2003 
The Globe and Mail 
GLOB 
B9 
English 
All material copyright Bell Globemedia Publishing Inc. or its licensors. All rights reserved. 
London ENGLAND 
General Electric Co., moving swiftly to clinch a deal with British medical company Amersham PLC, is close to 
unveiling a board-recommended offer for the British company that would value it at more than £5-billion 
($8.31-billion U.S.), say people familiar with the situation. 
While the situation was fluid yesterday evening, the two companies are moving toward making an announcement 
as early as today, these people say. 
A deal would mark the Fairfield, Conn., conglomerate's entry into the pharmaceutical business. Amersham's 
biggest unit manufactures passive pharmaceuticals, or contrast agents, which are injected into the body before 
medical scanning by computer tomography and magnetic resonance imaging, and the newest equipment, 
positron emission tomography, or PET imaging. 
GE Medical Systems, with $9-billion in revenue, is the leading maker of these imaging machines; Amersham had 
sales of £1.62-billion in 2002. 
GE and Amersham already have a partnership researching new contrast agents that could illuminate diseases at 
a molecular level before they have fully manifested themselves. 
GE chief executive officer Jeffrey Immelt, who previously headed up GE's medical unit, has highlighted 
development of its molecular research and imaging equipment as one of the company's future growth areas. 
An offer would cap a sweeping shopping spree for General Electric, which has been on a buying binge of 
high-growth businesses as it looks to transform its portfolio and bring about double-digit growth again. 
In a sign of GE's stunning diversity, the company just days ago signed a definitive agreement to buy Vivendi 
Universal SA's film-and-television assets, while simultaneously working to complete its $2.3-billion acquisition of 
Finnish medical-device maker Instrumentarium Corp. 
In trading in London, Amersham's stock rose 2.9 per cent to 660 pence on news of GE's interest. The gain 
followed a 16-per-cent surge in the stock on Wednesday after the company disclosed that it had received an 
approach from an unnamed suitor that could lead to a takeover offer. 
A GE spokesman declined to comment; Amersham wasn't available for comment. 
Amersham's stock is likely to gain further today. General Electric is expected to pay more than 750 pence a 
share for Amersham, bringing the price tag to more than £5-billion, say people familiar with the situation. 
By moving so quickly, General Electric is hoping to dissuade other potential bidders who may shrink away at the 
prospect of competing for Amersham if they know they will have to slug it out with a deep-pocketed buyer. 
People familiar with the deal say Amersham chief executive Sir William Castell likely announced the overture 
Wednesday to let other potential bidders know the company was in play and get a better price.

Page 38 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
While GE is buying Amersham for its imaging business, one part of the company that GE may be less interested 
in is Amersham's protein-separation business and its discovery-systems business, which together are known as 
Amersham Biosciences, say analysts. 
Amersham considered spinning off the bioscience unit last year, but didn't, citing poor market conditions. 
.
Document GLOB000020031010dzaa0006i

Page 39 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE to buy medical firm Amersham for 9.5 bln dollars. 
GE to buy medical firm Amersham for 9.5 bln dollars. 
by Daniel Rook 
646 words 
10 October 2003 
Agence France Presse 
AFPR 
English 
Copyright Agence France-Presse, 2003 All reproduction and presentation rights reserved. 
ATTENTION - UPDATES with GE share price /// 
US conglomerate General Electric announced Friday an agreed takeover bid worth 9.5 billion dollars (8.1 billion 
euros) for British medical diagnostics and biosciences firm Amersham, stepping up efforts to expand high-growth 
areas of its business. 
The US giant is paying a 45-percent premium on Amersham's capitalisation on Tuesday, the day before the 
company said it had received a takeover approach from an unnamed party, sending its shares soaring. 
Analysts said the high price tag appeared to be aimed as deterring rival bids. 
"Amersham's diagnostic pharmaceutical and life sciences business will add new, high growth platforms to GE 
Medical's diagnostic imaging, services and healthcare information technology businesses," GE chairman and 
chief executive Jeffrey Immelt said in a statement. 
"The combination of this technological and market knowledge will allow GE to accelerate the development of 
molecular imaging and personalised medicine where it will be possible to predict and treat disease with therapies 
tailored to the individual." 
The statement said that the Amersham board had agreed unanimously to recommend acceptance to 
shareholders. The terms are also subject to approval by competition authorities. 
Shares in the British firm surged by 15 percent to 760 pence on news of the bid, showing a gain of about 38 
percent since the close of trading on Tuesday. 
GE shares slipped 73 cents to 29.40 dollars in New York. 
Under the terms of the deal, Amersham shareholders would receive 0.4367 GE shares for every Amersham 
share held, the equivalent of 800 pence per Amersham share. When trading closed on Tuesday, Amersham 
shares were worth 552 pence. 
The takeover marks the latest installment in a string of corporate deals by GE, which earlier this week finalised a 
merger of its US broadcasting arm NBC with the US entertainment assets of France's Vivendi Universal. 
The announcement also came just a day after the US conglomerate completed its acquisition of Finnish medical 
equipment maker Instrumentarium. 
Analysts say the expansion of GE's medical interests is an attempt by the group to steer towards areas with 
higher growth potential than some of its traditional activities. 
Friday's announcement came as the US group, which has interests ranging from finance to media, medical 
equipment and aircraft engines, reported an 11-percent fall in third-quarter net profit, with industrial sales down 
five percent. 
Amersham, whose operations focus on molecular medicine through diagnostic imaging, protein separations and 
discovery systems, employs over 10,000 people worldwide. 
GE had "absolutely no plans" to spin off any of Amersham's businesses, Immelt said, following speculation it 
might sell the protein separations unit.

Page 40 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"We view that these businesses fit well together and work well together," he told reporters on a conference call. 
Amersham has research, development and manufacturing facilities at about 30 sites in North America, Europe 
and Asia. Last year it reaped sales of 1.62 billion pounds (2.28 billion euros, 2.69 billion dollars). 
Its chief executive William Castell said the merger would allow the company "to accelerate the realisation of our 
vision of personalised medicine". 
"We will have the competencies, the marketing reach and the financial resources to bring disease prediction, 
diagnosis and personalised treatment into the mainstream of medical practice. Our customers should now raise 
their expectations as to what is deliverable from this new chapter in medicine." 
On completion, Castell would become a member of the GE board and the chief executive of GE Healthcare 
Technologies, a new unit to be based in Britain. 
Amersham was the first British company to be privatised by Margaret Thatcher's Conservative government in 
1982, before which it was a government laboratory known as The Radiochemical Centre. In 1997 it merged with 
Sweden's Pharmacia Biotech and Norway's Nycomed. 
dr/vs. 
Document AFPR000020031010dzaa000mh

Page 41 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE set to buy British medical firm Amersham for 5.7 billion pounds. 
GE set to buy British medical firm Amersham for 5.7 billion pounds. 
209 words 
10 October 2003 
Agence France Presse 
AFPR 
English 
Copyright Agence France-Presse, 2003 All reproduction and presentation rights reserved. 
ATTENTION - ADDS details /// 
US conglomerate General Electric is set to buy British medical equipment company Amersham for 5.7 billion 
pounds (9.48 billion dollars, 8.09 billion euros), the two companies said Friday. 
The agreed bid values Amersham at 45 percent more than its capitalisation on Tuesday, the day before 
Amersham said it had received an offer from an unnamed suitor. 
Under the terms of the deal, subject to approval from competition authorities, Amersham shareholders would 
receive 0.4367 GE shares for every Amersham share held, the equavelent of 800 pence per Amersham share. 
When trading closed on Tuesday, Amersham shares were worth 552 pence. 
GE chairman and chief executive Jeffrey Immelt said in a statement on Friday: "Amersham's diagnostic 
pharmaceutical and life sciences business will add new, high growth platforms to GE Medical's diagnostic 
imaging, services and healthcare information technology businesses." 
The statement marks the latest installment in a string of corporate deals by GE, which earlier this week saw the 
US group finalise a deal to merge its US broadcasting arm NBC with US entertainment assets of Vivendi 
Unoiversal into a new US media giant called NBC Universal. 
bur/lt/hd. 
Document AFPR000020031010dzaa000gy

Page 42 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
GE of U.S. Makes Overture To Buy Diagnostics Firm --- Amersham Stock Soars 16%; Preliminary Move Augurs Competing Bids in Future 
GE of U.S. Makes Overture To Buy Diagnostics Firm --- Amersham Stock Soars 16%; Preliminary Move 
Augurs Competing Bids in Future 
By Anita Raghavan and Kathryn Kranhold 
733 words 
9 October 2003 
The Wall Street Journal Europe 
WSJE 
A1 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2003, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
LONDON -- General Electric Co., continuing its hunt for savvy acquisitions, has made an overture to the British 
medical-diagnostic and biosciences company Amersham PLC, a move that sent Amersham's stock soaring 16% 
and is likely to spur competing bids for the GBP 4.28 billion (6.04 billion euro) company, say people familiar with 
the situation. 
Though the approach by GE to Amersham is very preliminary, GE's interest in Amersham comes as the U.S. 
conglomerate has been on a buying and selling spree this year, with Chairman and Chief Executive Jeffrey 
Immelt shedding slow-growth units like insurance businesses and plowing billions of dollars back into businesses 
that he believes can return the company to double-digit growth. 
As part of its recent string of acquisitions, GE's NBC division signed a definitive agreement to buy Vivendi 
Universal SA's film-and-television assets for $14 billion (11.89 billion euros) in equity and, later this week, GE is 
expected to complete its $2.3 billion acquisition of Finnish medical-device maker Instrumentarium Corp. The 
move comes barely two months after the company, continuing the global expansion of its financial-services 
business, agreed to pay $5.4 billion for most of Dutch insurer Aegon NV's commercial-finance businesses that 
operate in Europe and the U.S. 
For GE, the interest in Amersham isn't new. The two companies had "high level" acquisitions talks two years 
ago, said an industry insider with knowledge of the conversations. GE was interested in the British company 
because it has "a very appealing revenue stream" in its contrast agents that it has developed to inject into the 
body during medical scanning of organs and tissues, the person said. They are specifically done by computer 
tomography, or CT, and magnetic resonance imaging, MRI. The company also has a robust research program 
focused on developing molecular tracers for use in positron emission tomography, or PET imaging, the person 
said. 
GE is a leading manufacturer of MRI, CT and PET systems. 
Instead of GE buying Amersham, the company entered into a research partnership in November 2001 with 
Amersham Health, the Amersham unit that develops the contrast agents used in scanning. Amersham is mostly 
known for manufacturing products used in imaging of soft tissue or organs, but it is focusing more on the 
molecular and cellular imaging as well. 
Reacting to a swift and sharp rise in its stock early in the day, Amersham released a statement Wednesday 
morning, saying that it had received an approach from an unnamed party that could lead to a takeover offer. A 
spokeswoman for Amersham declined to comment on the bidder. A spokesman for GE declined to comment. 
However, people familiar with the situation say GE was the company that made the approach, though, these 
people cautioned any acquisition of Amersham by GE was a long way off. 
What's more, Amersham's announcement is likely to be viewed by other strategic buyers as a sign that the 
company is putting itself into play. These potential buyers, which range from other industrial conglomerates such 
as Siemens AG to pharmaceutical companies like Johnson & Johnson, could step into the fray, say bankers. A 
spokesman for Johnson & Johnson declined to comment. A Siemens spokesman couldn't be reached for 
comment. 
Betting on a takeover battle for Amersham, investors Wednesday snapped up the company's shares, sending its 
stock price soaring 89.5 pence, or 16.2%, to close at 641 pence a share.

Page 43 of 43 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Buying Amersham wouldn't be far afield for GE, which has been expanding its molecular imaging division and 
the scope of its research in the past couple of years. 
GE and Amersham have been collaborating on developing new tracers that are injected into the body and attach 
themselves to diseased cells at early stages. The tracer then is picked up by positron emission tomography, or a 
PET imaging machine which is used to detect tumors. 
Drug companies and PET imaging makers are working to develop new tracers that can give an early indication of 
cancer, Alzheimer's or Parkinson's disease, for example, allowing for the treatment of the disease before it has 
manifested itself fully. 
--- 
Rhonda L. Rundle contributed to this article. 
Document WSJE000020031009dza90000n 
Search Summary 
Text Jeffrey Immelt AND Amersham 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2004 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company General Electric Co. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

