Page 1 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Setbacks, New CEO Put Anadarko Squarely In Takeover Crosshairs. ..........................................................................2 
Anadarko is stuffed with drillbit promise. .........................................................................................................................4 
AS ANADARKO GROWS, IT KEEPS EYE OUT FOR STALKERS ................................................................................5 
Anadarko scalps indie. ....................................................................................................................................................7 
Anadarko grabs shares to complete Berkley takeover Friday.........................................................................................8 
CANADIAN MARKETS - Anadarko's Canada Gas Holdings Would Swell with Berkley Buyout.....................................9 
Anadarko set to sell non-core assets: Most likely in Canada, South America, CEO says ............................................11 
Anadarko says to sell assets in Canada, South America..............................................................................................12 
Anadarko Explains Formula For Success, But Biggest Test May Be Still to Come. .....................................................13 
Anadarko Offers $1 Billion for Berkley. .........................................................................................................................15 
U.S. rival trumps Hunt's bid for Berkley Anadarko offers $1.17-billion in cash..............................................................17 
Berkley Pete Acquisition Fills Anadarko Portfolio Gap..................................................................................................19

Page 2 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Setbacks, New CEO Put Anadarko Squarely In Takeover Crosshairs. 
Setbacks, New CEO Put Anadarko Squarely In Takeover Crosshairs. 
913 words 
21 July 2003 
Natural Gas Week 
NGASW 
6
English 
(c) 2003 Energy Intelligence Group. All rights reserved 
A string of oil and gas production shortfalls and the surprise resignation of Chief Executive John Seitz earlier this 
year have turned the once-mighty Anadarko into a likely takeover target in the minds of some Wall Street 
analysts. 
Anadarko, one of the largest US-based independent producers with 2.33 billion boe in proven reserves and $18 
billion in assets, has seen its shares decline by about 7% this year while watching most of its rivals capitalize on 
strong oil and gas prices to post solid gains. 
In early June, Anadarko lowered its oil and gas production guidance for the second time this year, disappointing 
investors, but analysts say the real red flag was raised in late March when Seitz resigned and Chairman and 
former Chief Executive Robert Allison - who managed the company through its growth boom between 1986 and 
2001 - returned to lead the firm. 
The event took place only days after Seitz presided over an Anadarko strategy presentation for analysts. 
"You fire the [chief executive] a few business days after a major presentation to Wall Street and it leaves you with 
a 'What the heck is going on at this company' feeling," said Andrew Byrne, an analyst at John S. Herold. 
In the past Anadarko stock traded at a premium to its rivals but not any more. Shares closed at $44.42 on Friday, 
below Herold's $48.85 appraised net worth - a rarity in the company's recent history, according to Byrne. 
Some analysts say that Seitz was a scapegoat who did not have enough time to put his stamp on the company 
and that Anadarko's current problems stem from moves made under Allison's direction. For instance, the 
multi-billion dollar acquisition of Union Pacific Resources in April 2000, which vaulted the company into a league 
of new "super-independents," did not work out quite as planned. Union Pacific had taken roughly $1 billion in 
write-offs in the late 1990s and the deal slowed Anadarko's growth curve significantly. Some analysts say it took 
Anadarko much longer than expected to digest Union Pacific. 
The Union Pacific deal was followed by the US$1 billion purchase of Canada's Berkley Petroleum in February 
2001 - again under Allison's watch - which contributed to a $464 million asset write-down later that year. Critics 
said that Anadarko overpaid for the Berkley assets. 
After Anadarko admitted to well performance problems in the Gulf of Mexico last month, analysts became 
concerned that further write-downs could be in the company's future. 
In 2002 under Seitz, Anadarko had a $2 billion capital budget that generated zero production growth. Even so, 
Fahnestock & Co. analyst Fadel Gheit said it could be attractive to a large integrated oil company because of its 
considerable size, high exposure to US natural gas and its significant oil - and potentially gas - position in Algeria. 
Gheit said that Exxon Mobil, Royal Dutch/Shell, Total, and ChevronTexaco would be the most likely bidders, 
however, there are several reasons why none of these companies would make an offer. For starters, US 
integrated companies have been busy shedding high-cost, mature North American oil and gas assets from their 
portfolios, not adding them, as they seek to improve financial returns by investing in lower-cost, frontier plays. 
Exxon has flatly stated that it will not use its $12 billion cash pile to purchase volume growth, preferring a 
combination of share repurchases, dividend increases and increased capital investment. 
While Shell showed interest in adding US gas through its failed bid for Barrett Resources in 2001, the company 
has been criticized for adding lower-return, mature assets through its purchase of North Sea producer Enterprise 
Oil last year.

Page 3 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
French company Total largely exited the US upstream in the 1990s as it sought upstream opportunities in Iran, 
where it could have been penalized under US sanctions via the Iran-Libya Sanctions Act. With Total looking now 
to pick up more contracts in Iran, it is uncertain if it would risk acquiring a large US upstream asset base. 
Even so, Gheit maintains that Anadarko remains attractive to US companies because it could be acquired with no 
incremental costs for the buyer because asset overlap would allow the buyer to terminate the majority of 
Anadarko staff. 
A spokeswoman for Anadarko said the company does not comment on "market speculation and rumors." 
In any event, with the general feeling that oil and gas prices will trend lower in the coming months - and with the 
knowledge that equity values for independent producers typically follow in tow - a potential buyer would likely wait 
to make a move until Anadarko's share price falls further, reducing the cost of the acquisition. 
Gheit is convinced that there is no upside to the company's stock without a takeover and that the return of Allison 
at the top signals that the company is ready to sell. "There is no internal candidate to succeed Allison and he has 
indicated that he does not want the job for a long period of time. If someone offered $55/share, I think he'd take 
the money and run," Gheit said. 
Herold's Byrne is more optimistic about Anadarko's future independence. "Every E&P goes through its ups and 
downs. Anything can happen, but if they can have a good year with the drill bit, I think they'll be okay," he said. 
- Paul Merolli. 
Document ngasw00020030724dz7l0005q

Page 4 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Anadarko is stuffed with drillbit promise. 
Anadarko is stuffed with drillbit promise. 
205 words 
20 April 2001 
Upstream 
UPSTRM 
English 
(c) 2001 Upstream 
ANADARKO Petroleum last year was 372 on the S&P 500 and nowhere near the "fab 50". 
For 2001, though, it occupies the number-two spot. 
Anadarko is the world's largest independent E&P company and is currently the most active driller in North 
America. It is likely to retain that distinction with $1.1 billion of its $2.8 billion capex budget for 2001 earmarked for 
North American development projects and $750 million to N orth American exploration. 
Anadarko chief executive Robert Allison has been given credit for last year's acquisition of Union Pacific 
Resources in a $4.4 billion deal that helped to more than double Anadarko's 2000 production to 112 million 
barrels of oil equivalent. 
This year, the company has agreed to buy Canadian Berkley Petroleum for about $1 billion in equity and debt, 
"increasing its Canadian footprint", as Morgan Stanley Dean Witter analyst Lloyd Byrne puts it. 
"In excess of 400 drilling locations have been identified from Berkley assets alone," he says. "Anadarko is clearly 
looking to amass prospect inventory in our view." Allison says simply: "Natural gas is and will continue to be in 
tremendous demand in North America." 
Document upstrm0020010715dx4k0018m

Page 5 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
AS ANADARKO GROWS, IT KEEPS EYE OUT FOR STALKERS 
AS ANADARKO GROWS, IT KEEPS EYE OUT FOR STALKERS 
Ray Tyson 
677 words 
27 March 2001 
Platt's Oilgram News 
PON 
1
Vol. 79, No. 59 
English 
(c) 2001 McGraw-Hill, Inc. 
Anadarko Petroleum, among the largest E&P independents in the world, is concerned it could become a takeover 
target by the majors in light of Shell's hostile bid for US Rockies natural gas producer Barrett Resources, 
Anadarko CEO Robert Allison said in an interview Mar 26. 
But he would neither "confirm nor deny" rumors that Anadarko may be interested in acquiring Barrett, which flatly 
rejected Shell's $55/share offer for the company. Barrett has acknowledged talking to other potential suitors. 
Anadarko itself has been hot on the acquisition trail, shelling out more than $5-bil over the past year to acquire 
Union Pacific Resources and Canada's Berkley Petroleum. But Anadarko, because of its success with the drillbit 
and growing natural gas position in North America, is often mentioned as a potential takeover target by the 
majors. 
"The main concern is that we are so terribly undervalued, and I think players in the industry recognize that," 
Allison said. "Does that make us a takeover target? I don't know. I can't read the minds of potential acquirers. But 
there aren't that many people out there that could take that big of a bite. It would have to be a big shark." 
However, while he emphasized that Anadarko is not for sale, "if somebody comes at us and it makes sense to the 
shareholder, that is how we're going to run our business. The only real defense we have is an adequate stock 
price." 
Allison said he was "a little mystified" by Shell's pursuit of Barrett. "Shell has $16-bil in cash and no debt. And 
what do they earn on their cash (but) 3.8% after tax. Is that really a very good investment?" Anadarko is content 
with its present size but will remain "opportunistic" when it comes to pursuing additional mergers and acquisitions 
in the future, Allison said. 
"We're big enough where we have the financial muscle to do most anything we want," he said, "and big enough to 
compete with the majors anywhere in the world. If we see an opportunity out there we'll do something. But we 
don't have it in our head that we have to be three times bigger." 
On another subject, Anadarko and partners Lasmo and Maersk have renewed an exploration agreement with 
Algeria's Sonatrach covering three blocks in the country, Allison said. He said the agreement could lead to the 
discovery of "several more giant oil fields" in Algeria over 100-mil bbl. 
"We would not be interested in exploring it if we didn't think we were going to find several giant oil fields," Allison 
said. He said the Algerian acreage could lead to a doubling of Anadarko reserves "if we are extremely fortunate." 
Anadarko and it partners already have discovered nearly 2.8-bil bbl of oil in Algeria since 1989. 
Seismic surveys have been conducted over much of blocks 404, 208 and 211 covered in the renewed agreement, 
and a number of prospects have been identified, Allison said. "We have prospects on this acreage already ... so 
we think the potential is huge," he added. 
Under terms of the agreement, Anadarko and its partners plan to spend at least $55-mil. During the first five 
years, 400 sq km of 3-D seismic and 1,100 sq km of 2-D seismic will be shot and processed. Exploration drilling 
likely will begin next year. And state-owned Sonatrach will participate 51% in the development of any discovery.

Page 6 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Meanwhile, Allison said that with completion of the Berkley acquisition, Anadarko has increased the total capital 
spending plan for its Canadian operations by 49% to $386-mil. He said $38-mil of the $127-mil in additional 
investment is spending above Berkley's original 2001 plans. 
"It mostly will go toward Berkley prospects," Allison said. "They didn't have the financial muscle that we have. So 
they were constrained on what they could do. That constraint has been lifted." 
Document pon0000020010712dx3r001tf

Page 7 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Anadarko scalps indie. 
Anadarko scalps indie. 
151 words 
23 March 2001 
Upstream 
UPSTRM 
English 
(c) 2001 Upstream 
ANADARKO Petroleum has completed its takeover of Canada's Berkley Petroleum after outbidding rival Hunt 
Oil for the mid-sized producer that has assets in Alberta, northern Canada and California. 
Anadarko said 94%, or 100.6 million of Berkley's shares, had been tendered to its offer of C$11.40 each. It will 
take up the remaining shares not already tendered under the compulsory acquisition procedures of the Business 
Corporations Act. 
Be rkley will be combined with Anadarko Canada Energy, a wholly-owned unit of Anadarko Petroleum. 
The transaction adds about 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to Anadarko's Canadian production, which 
currently stands at 74,000 boepd or about 13% of the company's global total. 
"A revised capital programme for all our Canadian assets will be announced shortly, along with an update of our 
overall Canadian operations," Anadarko chairman Robert Allison said. 
Document upstrm0020010715dx3n000zq

Page 8 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Anadarko grabs shares to complete Berkley takeover Friday. 
Anadarko grabs shares to complete Berkley takeover Friday. 
169 words 
15 March 2001 
15:30 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2001 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, March 15 (Reuters) - Anadarko Petroleum Corp. , a top U.S. oil production company, on Thursday 
said it expects to take control of Canada's Berkley Petroleum Corp. on Friday after shareholders tendered about 
94 percent of its stock. 
Anadarko's all-cash $710 million offer for Berkley , which beat a hostile bid from Dallas-based Hunt oil last month, 
should be completed when it acquires the 100,596,594 on Friday, the company said. 
Anadarko won Canadian regulatory approval for its takeover of Berkley on Wednesday. 
In special meetings to be held Friday in Calgary, a new board of directors and company officers will be named. 
"We are taking steps to retain most of Berkley's employees, and we'll be integrating the company's employees 
and operations immediately," Robert Allison Jr., Anadarko's chairman and chief executive, said in a statement. 
He added that a revised capital program for the company's Canadian business should be announced shortly. 
Document lba0000020010713dx3f03z0q

Page 9 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
CANADIAN MARKETS - Anadarko's Canada Gas Holdings Would Swell with Berkley Buyout. 
CANADIAN MARKETS - Anadarko's Canada Gas Holdings Would Swell with Berkley Buyout. 
860 words 
19 February 2001 
Natural Gas Week 
NGASW 
16 
English 
(c) 2001 Energy Intelligence Group. All rights reserved 
Anadarko Petroleum's US$1.02 billion (C$1.56 billion) white-knight offer to whisk Berkley Petroleum away from 
hostile bidder Hunt Oil last week would give Anadarko a huge stake in Canada's rich natural gas reserves. 
Anadarko agreed to sweeten Hunt's latest bid by 9%. Under the proposal, Anadarko would pay Berkley 
US$7.60/share (C$11.40/share) for an equity value of US$777 million and the assumption of Berkley's US$250 
million debt. Berkley rejected both of Hunt's bids as too low. 
Hunt is extending its C$10.50/share offer until Feb. 27. 
Under the Anadarko proposal, Berkley's Canadian assets - which include 95 million boe in proved reserves, 
30,000 boe/day in production and 1.5 million acres - would become part of Anadarko Canada. 
About 70% of Berkley's assets are natural gas and Anadarko would gain stakes in all the major gas plays in 
Canada, said Anadarko Chairman and Chief Executive Robert Allison Jr. Canadian properties would make up 
15% of its worldwide holdings. 
The friendly offer grants Anadarko the right to match competing offers and a US$32 million break-up fee. Both 
boards unanimously approved the deal and Berkley's board recommended that stockholders tender their shares 
to Anadarko. 
Even before the purchase, Anadarko had targeted Berkley because of the potential growth from undeveloped 
acreage, Allison said. Anadarko will have 4.5 million total Canadian acres, including 3.5 million undeveloped 
acres, and 104,000 boe in annual production. 
Berkley's acreage in the Foothills and the Northwest Territories (NWT) are inviting because they provide an 
intermediate source of gas that could be brought onto market in two to four years, said Anadarko Energy Services 
President Richard Sharples. 
Anadarko already has identified 400 drillsites in four major plays - in Adsett Field, British Columbia; Dawson Field 
and Wild Hay/Wild River, Alberta; and Fort Liard/Maxhamish, NWT and British Columbia. The Fort 
Liard/Maxhamish properties include about 23 potential drillsites on 48,350 net acres in an area not too far from 
the Ladyfern discovery, now owned by Murphy Oil and Apache. Reserves per well there are estimated at 5-100 
Bcf. 
Berkley's holdings complement property Anadarko gained last year when it merged with Union Pacific Resources 
and re-entered Canada, said Canadian spokeswoman Nadine Barber. The company had previously announced a 
US$260 million drilling and development program in Canada this year, with 14 active rigs now. The company has 
not determined a combined drilling budget yet that will include Berkley, she said. 
Anadarko's prime play among current holdings is the Jean Marie in northeast British Columbia, where a dual 
horizontal exploratory well tested at 6 MMcf/d last fall. Fifteen wells will be drilled this season with eight expected 
to be in production by summer. Nearby, Anadarko plans to drill five wells in the Jedney/Buckinghorse area in 
2001. The drilling season should be significantly extended with the completion of an all-weather road that will 
ensure year-round access. 
Anadarko also is conducting seismic tests on two on-shore blocks in the Mackenzie Delta that it holds with 
Alberta Energy and Gulf Canada and on an exploration lease northwest of the Taglu gas field. 
The company also has high hopes for its East Coast entry, an offshore lease with BP for a 458,000-acre 
deepwater lease off Nova Scotia 
***

Page 10 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Rig Count: There were 610 rigs drilling for natural gas and oil in Western Canada as of Feb. 13, up one from 609 
a week ago, according to the Canadian Association of Oilwell Drilling Contractors (CAODC). 
During the same period a year ago, CAODC reported that 565 rigs were drilling in the region. 
A total of 629 rigs are available in the region, two more than the previous week, CAODC said. 
*** 
Working gas in all Canadian storage facilities decreased to 29.7% of capacity as of Feb. 9, down from 32.4% the 
week before, according to the most recent data available from the Canadian Gas Association (CGA). 
Canadian storage facilities were 40.2% full a year ago. 
A total of 169.3 Bcf of gas was in storage last week; capacity is 567.5 Bcf. There was 184.6 Bcf of stored gas the 
week before, the CGA said. Working gas levels in facilities west of the Manitoba/Saskatchewan border decreased 
to 89.3 Bcf, down from 96.7 Bcf the week before; capacity is 304.3 Bcf. 
Working gas levels east of the border decreased to 80 Bcf from 87.9 Bcf reported the previous week; Capacity is 
263.2 Bcf. 
*** 
The composite spot import price this week is US$6.10/MMBtu for gas leaving Canada and entering the United 
States through six border crossing points. 
Natural Gas Week's Feb. 21, 2000, average for Canadian exports was US$2.49/MMBtu. 
Canada's average spot wellhead prices is US$5.52/MMBtu; the price for the same week a year ago was 
US$2.20/MMBtu. 
- Keely Coghlin, Mark E. Heckathorn 
*Canadian Price Report. 
Document ngasw00020010713dx2j00056

Page 11 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Anadarko set to sell non-core assets: Most likely in Canada, South America, CEO says 
Financial Post: Canada 
Anadarko set to sell non-core assets: Most likely in Canada, South America, CEO says 
Reuters, with files from the Financial Post 
315 words 
15 February 2001 
National Post 
FINP 
National 
C04 
English 
(c) National Post 2001. All Rights Reserved. 
NEW YORK - Anadarko Petroleum Corp. plans to sell several hundred million dollars worth of assets following its 
purchase of Berkley Petroleum Corp. this week, Robert Allison, chairman and chief executive, said yesterday. 
Speaking at the UBS Warburg Energy Conference, Mr. Allison said the company would sell some non-core 
assets, most likely in Canada as well as Central and South America. 
"The things we don't think we can grow we want to get out of," said Mr. Allison. 
While the U.S. exploration and production company is also looking for more acquisitions, he added it is now "big 
enough to do what we want to accomplish." 
His comments come just days after Anadarko bid US$777-million for Berkley in a move that trumped a hostile 
offer from rival Hunt Oil Co. 
About 70% of Berkley's assets are natural gas, which is where most exploration and production companies are 
focusing. 
Nadine Barber, a spokeswoman for Anadarko Canada Corp., said there are no specific plans to divest Canadian 
properties, although all properties will be evaluated once the Berkley acquisition is completed. 
Mr. Allison, who met Dick Cheney, U.S. Vice-President, last week, also said he was encouraged by the 
administration's proposals for a new energy policy. 
"The Bush administration is planning to completely live up to its campaign promises," he said, which include 
opening the Alaskan Aortic National Wildlife Refuge to oil drilling. 
Drilling in the refuge is strongly supported by George W. Bush, the President, but is opposed by environmentalists 
and many Democrats. 
"We've proven as an industry we can have minimal impact and no damage to a sensitive area," said Mr. Allison. 
"I think the president and vice-president are four-square behind this." 
Document finp000020010711dx2f008je

Page 12 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Anadarko says to sell assets in Canada, South America. 
Anadarko says to sell assets in Canada, South America. 
284 words 
14 February 2001 
17:12 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2001 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, Feb 14 (Reuters) - Anadarko Petroleum Corp. plans to sell several hundred million dollars worth of 
assets following its purchase of Canada's Berkley Petroleum Corp. earlier this week, Chairman and Chief 
Executive Robert Allison said on Wednesday. 
Speaking at the UBS Warburg Energy Conference in New York, Allison said the company would sell some 
non-core assets, most likely in Canada as well as Central and South America. 
"The things we don't think we can grow we want to get out of," said Allison. 
While he said the top U.S. exploration and production company was also looking for more acquisitions of its own, 
he added that it is now "big enough to do what we want to accomplish." 
His comments come just days after Anadarko bid $777 million for Berkley in a move that trumped a hostile offer 
from rival Hunt Oil Co. 
About 70 percent of Berkley's assets are natural gas, which is where most exploration and production companies 
are now focusing. 
Allison, who met with U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney last week, also said he was encouraged by the 
administration's proposals for a new U.S. energy policy. 
"The Bush administration is planning to completely live up to its campaign promises," he said, which include 
opening up the Alaskan Aortic National Wildlife Refuge to oil drilling. 
Drilling in the refuge is strongly supported by President George W. Bush, but opposed by environmentalists and 
many Democrats. 
"We've proven as industry we can have minimal impact, and no damage, to a sensitive area," said Allison. "I think 
the president and vice president are four-square behind this." 
Document lba0000020010713dx2e06k87

Page 13 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Anadarko Explains Formula For Success, But Biggest Test May Be Still to Come. 
Anadarko Explains Formula For Success, But Biggest Test May Be Still to Come. 
748 words 
13 February 2001 
The Oil Daily 
TOILDA 
English 
(c) 2001 Content and programming. CNBC/Dow Jones Business Video, a division of CNBC/Dow Jones Desktop 
Video, LLC. 
US independent producer Anadarko Petroleum expanded greatly in size after buying Union Pacific Resources 
(UPR) for $4.4 billion last year, and it announced plans to build on this muscle mass Monday with a $777 million 
bid for Canadian producer Berkley Petroleum (see story,p1). 
But Anadarko's success is not just another case of an oil company using high commodity prices to seek growth 
through acquisition, Chairman and Chief Executive Robert Allison said in an interview with Oil Daily sister 
publication Petroleum Intelligence Weekly. The company has been putting together the elements of its growth 
strategy for some time. 
Thanks to an intense and consistent focus on effective and disciplined exploration over several years, Anadarko 
is on a growth trajectory that outstrips most rivals. With the UPR takeover, Anadarko more than doubled its 
upstream production in 2000 to 307,000 barrels per day of oil equivalent, divided fairly evenly between oil and 
gas. It expects to almost double output again in 2001, due to success with the drillbit, and is projecting annual 
growth of more than 10% through 2003. 
With the combination of the UPR merger, rapidly rising production, and high oil and natural gas prices, Anadarko 
increased its net income in 2000 by more than 2,000% to $796 million from just $32 million in 1999 (OD 
Feb.2,p6). 
By acquiring UPR, Anadarko has gained the financial strength to take full advantage of an extensive inventory of 
exploration prospects accumulated over the years. The production and projects acquired in the merger provide a 
larger immediate cash flow from relatively mature fields in the US, that can be used to fund the longer-term 
exploration and development plays that Anadarko is targeting in North America and abroad. 
Anadarko's approach is very different from major oil companies or more risk-prone, smaller independents. Its 
strategy comes down to a sharp focus on the basics of exploration, with careful management of risk to achieve 
the best results. Through the cyclical ups and downs of the oil industry, the company has also concentrated on 
keeping good people, developing strong technology, and building up attractive acreage positions - positioning it 
well to take advantage of the oil and gas price upturn of the last two years. Many of the popular industry trends, 
such as downsizing, alliances, share buyback schemes, and e-commerce ventures have not caught on at 
Anadarko. 
By steadily accumulating prospects even when prices were low and cash was scarce, Anadarko is now in a 
strong position to expand. In 2000, for the 19th-consecutive year, the company more than replaced its annual 
production with proven reserves at lower than average costs. While the UPR deal artificially boosted its reserve 
replacement rate to more than 1,000%, the ratio still exceeds 240% if the impact of the transaction is stripped out. 
Last week, the company said it was increasing its capital spending by 65% to $2.8 billion this year, with a heavy 
emphasis on North American natural gas. 
The UPR acquisition expanded Anadarko's scope, particularly at home, making it the biggest driller in North 
America and the largest exploration acreage holder in Alaska. Anadarko is a significant player in the Gulf of 
Mexico, but has also been successful in mature onshore plays in the US that no longer interest most big oil 
companies. The company also has an active exploration program in Canada's Arctic. 
Anadarko, however, is best known for its work in Algeria, where it has been active for 14 years. Algeria is slated 
to provide the company with its biggest increases in oil production this year and next. 
The optimism of Chief Executive Allison about Anadarko's growth potential is fueled by the outlook for oil and gas 
prices. He sees both staying cyclically strong for an extended period, contrasting with the more cautious price 
views taken by major oil companies. Allison expects crude oil prices to fluctuate between $24 and $35/barrel in

Page 14 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
the future, up from the $12-$26 range of the 1990s. Similarly, Allison sees North American gas prices fluctuating 
at a higher range of $3.50-$6/million Btu for the next three to five years. 
Large mergers and rapid growth are notoriously difficult to manage, however, compounding the risks of an 
already-risky upstream business. Managing integration and expansion may prove to be Anadarko's biggest test in 
the next couple of years. 
Staff report. 
Document toilda0020010715dx2d00198

Page 15 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Anadarko Offers $1 Billion for Berkley. 
Anadarko Offers $1 Billion for Berkley. 
645 words 
13 February 2001 
The Oil Daily 
TOILDA 
English 
(c) 2001 Content and programming. CNBC/Dow Jones Business Video, a division of CNBC/Dow Jones Desktop 
Video, LLC. 
Anadarko Petroleum became the latest US company to plot acquisition of a Canadian oil and gas firm Monday 
with its white-knight bid to sweep Berkley Petroleum from the clutches of hostile bidder Hunt Oil with a 9% 
sweeter offer. 
Anadarko offered to pay Berkley stockholders $7.60/share (C$11.40/share) for an equity value of $777 million 
and the assumption of Berkley's debt, estimated at $250 million, for a total of $1.02 billion. 
Berkley's Canadian assets - which include 95 million barrels of oil equivalent in proved reserves, 30,000 barrels of 
oil equivalent per day in production, and 1.5 million acres - would become part of Anadarko Canada, based in 
Calgary. 
The move offers Anadarko, which re-entered the Canadian market in 2000 with its merger with Union Pacific 
Resources (UPR), an enormous stake in the country's gas-rich reserves. About 70% of Berkley's assets are 
natural gas, and Anadarko would gain stakes in all the major gas plays in Canada, Anadarko Chairman and Chief 
Executive Robert Allison Jr. said. Its Canadian properties would make up 15% of Anadarko's worldwide 
holdings. 
Significantly, the friendly offer grants Anadarko the right to match competing offers and a $32 million breakup fee. 
Both boards unanimously approved the deal, and Berkley's board recommended that stockholders tender their 
shares to Anadarko. 
Jilted suitor Dallas-based Hunt will be studying the Anadarko offer between now and Thursday, the deadline it set 
earlier this month for consideration of its second offer, made earlier this month, said Jim Oberwetter, Hunt vice 
president for public affairs. 
Berkley previously rejected both of Hunt's bids as too low (OD Jan.2,p5). Hunt, which already owns about 10% of 
Berkley, made a $990 million bid - about C$10/share - for the company Dec. 27 (OD Dec.28,p1). Hunt sweetened 
the offer to C$10.50/share on Feb. 5 (OD Feb.6,p9). 
Berkley President and Chief Executive Michael L. Rose called Anadarko's offer "clearly superior" to Hunt's two 
previous bids. 
Berkley had opened up the company to a seven-week auction in the wake of Hunt's offer, but did not allow Hunt 
to enter the data room. 
Anadarko had identified Berkley as its top choice among prospective Canadian natural gas producers in October, 
but the company wasn't for sale then and Anadarko was not interested in a hostile takeover, Allison said. "Once 
Berkley became in play, we decided we wanted to step up to the plate," he said. 
Anadarko will mail an offering to Berkley shareholders by Feb. 23, with closing expected March 12. The offer is 
subject to the tender of two-thirds of Berkley's shares. It is also subject to regulatory approval. 
Anadarko will fund the acquisition with existing cash and available committed credit facilities, but by year-end 
should pay for the purchase through excess cash flow and by selling several hundred million dollars of noncore 
properties, Allison said. 
The move should boost cash flow and earnings per share. Based on a year-long combined company and the 
current commodity prices, the Berkley purchase would increase cash flow by $1/share and earnings by 
20¢/share. With an expected savings through tax pools, finding costs would be lowered to $6.60/boe, Allison said. 
Berkley's biggest attraction is the potential growth from undeveloped acreage, Allison said.

Page 16 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
The combined companies will have a have 4.5 million total Canadian acres, including 3.5 million undeveloped 
acres. 
"The move doesn't make me jump and down with respect to what it will do for earnings in 2001," said Salomon 
Smith Barney independent oil analyst Bob Morris. "But in the long term, it's a good deal. The market just doesn't 
value potential [drilling]. It values production today." 
Keely Coghlan. 
Document toilda0020010715dx2d00195

Page 17 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
U.S. rival trumps Hunt's bid for Berkley Anadarko offers $1.17-billion in cash 
Report on Business: International 
U.S. rival trumps Hunt's bid for Berkley Anadarko offers $1.17-billion in cash 
LILY NGUYEN 
645 words 
13 February 2001 
The Globe and Mail 
GLOB 
Metro 
B1 
English 
"All material Copyright (c) Bell Globemedia Publishing Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved." 
CALGARY -- Anadarko Petroleum Corp. has agreed to buy Berkley Petroleum Corp. for $1.17-billion in cash in 
a friendly deal that trumps the hostile bid by Hunt Oil Corp. 
The offer from Houston-based Anadarko, which has the backing of both boards of directors, tops Dallas-based 
Hunt Oil's latest and sweetest offer of $10.50 per share by 9 per cent, and its original offer of $10 on Dec. 27 by 
14 per cent. Anadarko is offering $11.40 per share and will also assume about $375-million in Berkley debt. 
Hunt Oil spokesman Jim Oberwetter held out some hope of a higher offer from his company, saying briefly that 
Hunt would be "studying the options available" before its bid expires Thursday. 
But analysts were pessimistic that a higher offer would materialize, calling the deal with Anadarko the best 
Berkley could hope for given the limited time frame. 
"I think it's done," said Andrew Hogg, an analyst with Yorkton Securities Inc. in Calgary. 
"Shareholders ought to tender to this deal. I don't think there's a better one coming," said Jeff Fiell, an analyst 
with Canaccord Capital Corp. in Calgary. 
Berkley, a mid-sized Calgary-based company, saw remarkable growth after it was established in 1994 by chief 
executive officer Michael Rose and his colleagues. 
Anadarko is allowed to match any competing bid, and Berkley is on the hook for $48-million if it pulls out of the 
deal, he noted. 
Steve Calderwood, an analyst with Calgary-based Salman Partners, said Hunt Oil appears to have no problem 
walking away. In April, Hunt made a hostile bid for Ulster Petroleums Ltd., but later ceded the field to Anderson 
Exploration Ltd. Hunt later bought Newport Petroleum Corp. in a friendly deal. 
Berkley's Mr. Rose said the Anadarko deal was the best to come up in a month of scanning the horizon for a 
white knight. "$11.40 was the best of all the offers we received," he said, adding that there were "multiple offers." 
Nevertheless, some analysts expressed disappointment with the Anadarko offer, saying they had hoped for 
higher. 
"I was hoping for $12 [per share], given their upside," Mr. Fiell said, referring to the company's considerable 
exploration potential in its natural gas play in California and in an oil play in Oman. 
But despite Berkley vigorously pushing both properties in its attempt to garner a richer offer, Anadarko CEO 
Robert Allison made it clear in a conference call that his company did not assign a high value to Berkley's 
prospects outside Canada. "They may turn into great projects, but we put very little value on those assets." 
"I'm not surprised if Anadarko said they didn't ascribe value to it," said Scott Inglis, a senior analyst with 
FirstEnergy Capital Corp. in Calgary. "It's still pretty much a wild card at this stage."

Page 18 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Mr. Rose acknowledged it was difficult to assign value to unproven assets such as the East Lost Hills property in 
California, which just began producing earlier this month and which has been the target of much speculative 
interest. 
On the other hand, he made it clear he is optimistic about the property. "Anadarko and its shareholders are going 
to be extremely happy with the performance of this asset base going forward." 
Berkley shares rose 9 cents or 0.8 per cent to $11.31 on the Toronto Stock Exchange yesterday, while Anadarko 
shares slipped 70 cents (U.S.) or 1 per cent to $65.50 on the New York Stock Exchange. 
The deal gives Anadarko a big jump on its plans to expand its natural gas assets in Canada, adding an estimated 
95 million barrels of oil equivalent in proven reserves. 
Document glob000020010711dx2d007r5

Page 19 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Berkley Pete Acquisition Fills Anadarko Portfolio Gap 
Berkley Pete Acquisition Fills Anadarko Portfolio Gap 
By Christina Cheddar 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
590 words 
12 February 2001 
13:58 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(c) 2001 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Anadarko Petroleum Corp.'s (APC) acquisition of Berkley Petroleum Corp. (T.BKP) 
helps close a missing link in Anadarko's portfolio. 
With the $1 billion acquisition of the Calgary oil and gas exploration and production company, Anadarko gains 
important acreage in the Northwest Territories and in British Columbia, analysts said. 
Analysts viewed the transaction favorably although the price tag, which includes the assumption of $250 million in 
debt, is in the upper end of the range for comparable Canadian deals. The deal will add to earnings, cash flow 
and production growth immediately. The deal is expected to close the week of March 12. 
Anadarko's offer of C$11.40 a Berkley share trumped a sweetened hostile takeover bid of C$10.50 a share by 
Hunt Oil Co., of Dallas. 
Hunt Oil and Berkley are partners in an exploration project in the East Lost Hills area near Bakersfield, Calif. The 
project has received a lot of industry attention because of its potential to supply natural gas to California, where 
demand and prices have soared. 
Berkley announced last week it had started production on the first well in the project. The first well is expected to 
produce 13 million cubic feet of natural gas a day soon. However, production is initially being restricted to 9.6 
mmcf/d. 
Berkley is ready to start testing a second well in the field, and has begun drilling two additional wells. 
During a conference call to discuss the deal Monday, Anadarko Chief Executive Robert Allison responded to 
questions about the California assets. 
In calculating its bid for Berkley, Anadarko placed "very little value" on the California assets, he said. "That doesn't 
mean there is no value there," Allison said, explaining that there are some real technical challenges at the wells 
that Anadarko will need to evaluate more closely once the acquisition is complete. 
Still, Allison expects Anadarko's experience with more complicated geological formations will improve its ability to 
tap the reserves there. Once the acquisition is complete, Anadarko will become the operator of the area. 
The East Lost Hills wells are being drilled to very deep levels, which increases both the expense and risk of the 
wells. 
Although Allison wouldn't say whether Anadarko plans will increase its interest in the East Lost Hills area, A.G. 
Edwards & Sons Inc. analyst Greg McMichael expects the company will. 
According to McMichael, Anadarko tends to hold at least a one-third to one-half interest in the oil and gas projects 
it operates. 
As a result, some suspect Berkley's other partners could become attractive acquisition targets, particularly 
Westminster Resources Ltd., (T.WML), Elk Point Resources Inc. (T.ELK) and PYR Energy Corp. (PYR) of 
Denver.

Page 20 of 20 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Berkley's other partners are Canadian companies Hilton Petroleum Ltd. (V.HTP), Paramount Resources Ltd. 
(T.POU), Kookaburra Resources Ltd. (T.KOB), Trimark Oil & Gas Ltd. (TOGSF) and Richland Petroleum Corp. 
(T.RLP). Closely-held Armstrong Resources LLC also has a stake in the project. 
Since Anadarko's acquisition of Union Pacific Resources Group in the third quarter of 2000 many have expected 
the company to commit greater resources in Canada. 
Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown analyst John Bailey expects to see further consolidation among smaller Canadian 
exploration and production companies because of the potential for the region to hold significant oil and gas 
reserves. 
-By Christina Cheddar, Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-5166; christina.cheddar@dowjones.com 
Document dj00000020010711dx2c02ej5 
Search Summary 
Text Robert Allison AND Berkley Petroleum 
Date All Dates 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Anadarko Petroleum Corp. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

