Page 1 of 3 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UK COMPANY NEWS - SOUTHERN CHIEF WEIGHS PROS AND CONS OF FURTHER FORAY INTO UK. ............2

Page 2 of 3 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UK COMPANY NEWS - SOUTHERN CHIEF WEIGHS PROS AND CONS OF FURTHER FORAY INTO UK. 
UK COMPANY NEWS - SOUTHERN CHIEF WEIGHS PROS AND CONS OF FURTHER FORAY INTO UK. 
By MICHAEL SMITH. 
614 words 
21 July 1995 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
17 
English 
(c) 1995 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
The chairman and chief executive of Southern Company of the US, which has launched a #1bn hostile bid for 
South Western Electricity of the UK, has indicated a cautious approach to further expansion in Britain. 
In an interview with the Financial Times, Mr Bill Dahlberg said he did not expect his company would be interested 
in making a bid for the pumped storage (power generation) arm of the National Grid which is likely to be sold for 
about #300m during the next year. 
He said that Southern Electric International, the Southern subsidiary bidding for Sweb, was continuing to look at a 
possible deal with National Power and PowerGen about plant they have been asked to sell off by the regulator. 
'However, we would be reluctant to make a substantial bid too quickly after Sweb. 
'We would want to operate Sweb as efficiently as we can before we take on much more.' 
Mr Dahlberg's comments come amid speculation among investors that the company, the first from outside Britain 
to make a hostile bid for a UK utility, will try to set up a vertically-integrated operation comprising both distribution 
and generation interests. 
Mr Dahlberg said: 'We do not want to move to a point of vertical integration which will get the regulator to say we 
have to start again and break it into pieces.' 
Southern Electric has for some months been in partnership with the similarly named Southern Electric of the UK 
to discuss a deal on plant disposals with both National Power and PowerGen. 
Although Mr Dahlberg has not ruled out a deal with either generation company, his comments suggest a deal is 
less likely than before Southern launched the Sweb bid. 
National Power and PowerGen have agreed to try to sell 6,000MW of plant by the end of 1995. Explaining the 
rationale behind the Sweb bid, the first uninvited takeover attempt Southern has embarked upon since it was set 
up in the 1920s, Mr Dahlberg said it was part of the company's strategy of growing business opportunities 
outside the US. 
'In March we started to talk publicly about being the US's best diversified utility and about wanting to have four 
main units.' 
The US 'will remain the dominant business,' but Southern wanted to expand in Asia and Europe as well as 
continue with investments in South America. 
In the UK, the company had first looked at opportunities provided by the potential National Power and PowerGen 
divestments. 
However, the attempt by Trafalgar House earlier this year to take over Northern Electric had 'caused us to focus 
attention on the regional electricity companies. We decided we could bring skills to bear on distribution as well as 
generation.' 
Mr Dahlberg said that Southern Electric had offered a fair price for Sweb and pointed out that the market price at 
which Sweb shares are trading was close to the company's offer. Shares in Sweb finished yesterday at 919p, 
down 2p.

Page 3 of 3 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Mr Dahlberg stressed the company's policy of allowing subsidiaries to operate independently on a day-to-day 
basis. 
'I am convinced there are excellent people at Sweb,' he said, although he was unable to say whether top 
managers, like Mr John Seed, the chief executive, would stay if Southern won the takeover battle. 
Mr Dahlberg does not expect to play an active part in the day-to-day running of Sweb. 'I like to think about the 
overall strategy of the company (Southern).' Implementation of the Sweb takeover would be left to the 
management of Southern Electric International. 
(c) The Financial Times Limited 1995. 
Document ftft000020011221dr7l0112s 
Search Summary 
Text Dahlberg AND South Western 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/1996 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company The Southern Co. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

