Page 1 of 5 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Is MCI Stretching Itself Thin? Some Observers See Its Rapid Expansion Into New Businesses as a Cause for 
Concern...........................................................................................................................................................................2

Page 2 of 5 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Is MCI Stretching Itself Thin? Some Observers See Its Rapid Expansion Into New Businesses as a Cause for Concern 
FINANCIAL 
Is MCI Stretching Itself Thin? Some Observers See Its Rapid Expansion Into New Businesses as a Cause 
for Concern 
Mike Mills 
Washington Post Staff Writer 
2,421 words 
2 October 1995 
The Washington Post 
WP 
FINAL 
F10 
English 
(Copyright 1995) 
In the old days, say, before 1994, MCI Communications Corp. had a simple pitch: Buy our long-distance service. 
Today, the nation's second-largest long-distance carrier's message is more complicated. The latest MCI television 
ads feature family members using pagers, faxes, cellulars and e-mail to reach each other. 
The District-based company is stretching into every conceivable business that might increase customer loyalty 
and use of its network -- at a time of enormous change in the communications and computing sectors, and as 
MCI's core long-distance business faces thinning profit margins and impending competition from the regional Bell 
companies. 
But some industry analysts wonder if the $13 billion company is stretching into too many businesses too fast, and 
in the process losing its focus. The past 18 months have been a flurry of announced acquisitions, investments 
and partnerships, leaving some analysts confused about how it all adds up. 
"You have to beg the issue of whether their strategy for the long term is on target," said Michael Elling, senior 
telecommunications analyst for Prudential Securities Inc. "I don't see a consistency in their motives. And that's 
what scares me." 
Some of MCI's moves were no-brainers, such as its $2 billion plan to provide local telephone service to 
businesses. And its Concert alliance with British Telecommunications PLC last year has given it an early lead in 
the race for global corporate customers, not to mention a $4.3 billion cash infusion. 
But other recent deals go well beyond MCI's core business: 
In May, MCI agreed to invest as much as $2 billion in News Corp., MCI's biggest diversion from its core business 
to date. The move could leave MCI with a 13.5 percent stake in the world's fourth-largest media empire, and 
merges MCI's plans to commercialize the Internet with Rupert Murdoch's Fox television and movie holdings. 
Two weeks ago, MCI bought Canada's largest computer systems consulting firm, SHL Systemhouse Inc., for $1 
billion. MCI wants to compete against International Business Machines Corp., Electronic Data Systems Corp. and 
others in the fast-growing $40 billion market in managing other companies' communications and computing 
networks. 
Just last week, MCI provided details of its plans to enter the direct-broadcast satellite television market. With a 
DBS service, MCI could do more than reach living rooms with 175 channels. It also could beam its own fledgling 
business news service, as well as News Corp.'s content, to business and residential customers' personal 
computers. 
MCI raised eyebrows by deciding not to buy something, when it stayed out of the recent federal auctions for 
next-generation cellular licenses. Instead, MCI is quickly entering the booming paging and cellular markets by 
leasing air time from others' systems. In May, it acquired Nationwide Cellular Service, the largest U.S. reseller of 
cellular access numbers, and has struck deals with AT&T Corp. and several Bell companies to resell cellular 
service.

Page 3 of 5 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Even more announcements appear imminent: MCI is talking with Michael Bloomberg about combining his hugely 
successful financial news operation with MCI's fledgling on-line service plans. And expect MCI to compete soon 
against the Bells in providing high-speed ISDN -- integrated services digital network -- telephone links to 
businesses. 
To MCI officials, all these moves are part of a cohesive strategy. 
"It's pretty straightforward," said MCI President Gerald H. Taylor. "There are three elements to it. Build growth in 
the core business. Expand into contiguous markets. And combine content with networking." 
The third element, he concedes, may give analysts the most pause. 
To better insulate its core long-distance business from the vagaries of its ventures and alliances, MCI in July split 
into two separate divisions. It also appeased investors by announcing it would cut its work force by 7 percent, or 
3,000 employees. The company stopped short of issuing individual classes of stock for each division, but on 
Friday MCI announced it would post separate financial results. 
Some analysts say MCI is right on track. 
"When I look at the three {largest} long-distance carriers now, I'm actually most comfortable with what MCI is 
doing," said William Deatherage of Bear Stearns Inc., who last spring cautioned investors to hold MCI shares 
"until the effects of the company's diversification are clear." He now says, "There's some safety in diversification. 
There are no obvious losers in MCI's portfolio of investments, and there are probably winners." 
MCI is accustomed to having to prove itself. An old joke goes that MCI stands for Many Changes Imminent. After 
all, it was incorporated in 1968 with the goal of bringing down the Goliath of AT&T. 
The spirit of its scrappy founder William G. McGowan, who died in 1992, still pervades MCI headquarters in the 
District: Company executives want desperately to think they still work for a smart-alecky upstart, rather than a 
colossus with 41,000 employees -- who include 6,000 in the Washington area -- and 36,000 miles of fiber, 
microwave and satellite transmission infrastructure. 
"We have the culture and tenacity and the wherewithal to be able to respond to change in a way that I think no 
other company has been able to," said MCI Chairman and CEO Bert C. Roberts Jr. 
MCI's core long-distance business is thriving. MCI's share of the long-distance market dropped for the first time 
last year to 17.3 percent amid an aggressive ad campaign by AT&T. Now it's rebounding. Since 1990, earnings 
have more than doubled to $795 million in 1994, while revenue has grown 50 percent to $13.3 billion. 
But there's more to life than chasing AT&T in the long-distance business, MCI executives said. 
That's where faxes, e-mail, shopping and sending video over the Internet, paging and cellular come in. By 
bundling those services together at a discount, MCI, AT&T and others are hoping for customer loyalty -- an 
elusive goal in the bare-bones long-distance business. 
"Everything that we're selling today is only the back room of our sales tomorrow," said Timothy Price, MCI 
president of business and consumer markets. Think of MCI, he said, "as marketing, merchandising, transport, 
billing and customer service," not just telecommunications. 
That's the full-blown MCI dream. Here's where MCI stands today: 
The Murdoch alliance. MCI's investment in News Corp. is a bet that having control over a major source of movies, 
TV shows and other media "content" will become crucial to the survival of a communications transport company. 
"MCI is getting access to a real content asset, as well as expanding its global distribution platform," wrote Jack 
Grubman of Salomon Brothers Inc. after the announcement. 
Taylor bristles at criticism that News Corp.'s holdings stray too far from MCI's core business. 
"Remember, one of the big things we get out of this is an exclusive arrangement," Taylor said. "They always have 
to come to us first." 
Yet when MCI executives explain the much-vaunted "synergies" of the Murdoch deal, they often seem to struggle. 
Price recites how tossing in free subscriptions to News Corp.'s TV Guide has helped boost long-distance 
enrollment by 10 percent. He adds that someday people will be able to get sports scores from Fox television over

Page 4 of 5 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
their pagers, and spins out several cross-marketing possibilities between "Melrose Place" and the World Wide 
Web. 
Some analysts say the News Corp. investment could even interfere with MCI's goals. 
"They've gotten kind of sidetracked by trying to get into the content realm," said Nate Zelnick, an interactive 
television consultant for Jupiter Communications. "If I'm Time Warner, I'm going to look at MCI and say `they're in 
bed with News Corp., why would I do business with them?' " 
The Internet. MCI, which already carries 40 percent of all Internet traffic, is trying to make the Internet safe for 
commerce. But as with any pioneering technology, there's more sizzle than subscribers. Its product, 
marketplaceMCI, is a budding strip mall on the World Wide Web, allowing users to make secure cash 
transactions with businesses that have posted their offerings. But the site has been hurt by news that hackers 
elsewhere have twice corrupted Netscape's transaction software, which MCI uses. 
And it's far from certain that people want to shop this way -- you can swing a cybercat in the MCI on-line mall and 
hit virtually nobody. "I don't think we're selling huge quantities of merchandise this way," said Internet guru Vinton 
Cerf, brought aboard by MCI as a senior vice president. "This is very much a toe in the water." 
MCI's Internet plans primarily target business customers. Along with News Corp., MCI is planning to deliver PBS 
programming, stock quotes, shopping and the latest news to desktop PCs. It's a strategy that sounds strikingly 
similar to that of Michael Bloomberg, whose Bloomberg Business News has succeeded as a proprietary, 
members-only financial information services network. 
MCI and Bloomberg are talking about a joint venture, MCI officials said, as Bloomberg seeks a reliable way to 
peddle his information on the Internet and MCI seeks more content. 
Wireless. MCI's strategy of leasing, rather than owning, its future wireless networks continues to draw praise and 
criticism. Analysts applaud MCI's caution in not spending big on infrastructure in the unknown realm of "personal 
communications services." But MCI is betting that a glut of transmission capacity will keep resale prices low. 
If the paging business is any indication, MCI made the right move. After linking up with the Dallas-based PageNet 
and District-based SkyTel this year, it is adding 60,000 paging customers a month, making MCI the 
fastest-growing paging business. 
Cellular is a more complex service, however. MCI will be in much the same boat it's in today with local phone 
companies: no control over signal quality or customer support. MCI executives say their digital switches 
connecting to the leased network will allow MCI to offer services that even its host competitor may not offer. Then 
there's the matter of pricing: Can MCI really beat AT&T when AT&T sets the price it charges MCI to use its 
network? 
"It's debatable how well cellular resale will work," Deatherage said. "If it does work well, they can pour more 
resources into it. If it doesn't, they can pull resources back." 
Local phone service. MCI is investing heavily in the Mexican and Canadian domestic telephone markets. But 
analyst Elling says MCI isn't paying enough attention to the $90 billion U.S. local calling market. Metro, MCI's 
local subsidiary, spent $500 million this year, and plans to spend more next year, to reach the top 10 cities in the 
nation by the end of 1996. But that will amount only to local access for business customers. The newly 
trimmed-down AT&T has bigger plans for local services, as does Sprint, which has allied with the cable industry 
to offer local dial tone. "They'll have to spend much more than that," Elling said. 
"Their strategy doesn't appear to be the mass consumer market, like AT&T and Sprint," said Ameritech CEO 
Richard Notebaert who already competes with MCI for local business customers. 
Roberts counters that, until enactment of the pending telecommunications legislation, "we are driving that 
business as fast as we prudently can, based on the laws and regulations in place." 
Computer consulting. MCI sees opportunity in fear of the information age. Companies ranging from Citibank to 
Reader's Digest are now wary of making investments in computers and information systems, so they want to hire 
other companies to take the risk for them. MCI's purchase of SHL is aimed at taking full advantage of this trend 
toward "out-sourcing" computer and communications services. MCI expects revenue of $100 million in its first 
year in this new business.

Page 5 of 5 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
MCI plans to strike deals with computer manufacturers to provide businesses with turn-key communications and 
computing systems that, of course, will be attached to MCI's fiber-optics pipes. AT&T has long dominated the 
data transmission business. But with new digital transmission technologies, companies are beginning to look 
elsewhere. 
Combining the various parts poses an enormous marketing challenge to MCI. But that's where MCI hopes its 
ultimate strengths -- in billing, merchandising and marketing -- will pay off. 
MCI's Friends and Family program, which offers customers larger discounts when they call relatives or friends 
who also are MCI customers, still is considered among the most ingenious telemarketing feats ever. Along with 
building customers through referrals, it gives MCI priceless information on customers' lifestyles and relationships. 
Now MCI is developing its next generation of sophisticated billing. As savvy as Friends and Family is, it still has 
two flaws: It's based solely on customers' telephone numbers, and it's priced by the minute. John Gerdelman, 
MCI president of network services, said the company's long-term goal is to combine telephone, paging, cellular, 
Internet and other MCI services into one bill -- and ultimately to sell the service based on the number of bits of 
information a customer sends through MCI's network, rather than the number of minutes of use. 
MCI also hopes to farm out that telemarketing and customer service expertise to other companies. Microsoft 
Corp.'s Windows 95 customer support lines ring at MCI, for example. 
Taylor acknowledges that MCI often rushes into ventures without clear ideas of where they will lead. 
"The one thing that we do get hit on a lot, and always will be, is that MCI is going to be there first and maybe 
didn't think out every detail of it," Taylor said. "That is a criticism we try to fix. But we always have the trade-off of 
getting there first, versus having the bugs out of everything." + 
PHOTO,,Mark Finkenstaedt For Twp CAPTION: District-based MCI's strategy for expansion includes ventures 
outside its core business. CAPTION: Citing an "exclusive arrangement" with News Corp., MCI President Gerald 
Taylor says, "They always have to come to us first." CAPTION: MCI PERFORMANCE TRENDS (This chart was 
not available) CAPTION: MARKET SHARE (This chart was not available) 
Document wp00000020011026dra200vzq 
Search Summary 
Text Roberts AND SHL AND MCI 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/1996 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company All Companies 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

