Page 1 of 3 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Notable Mergers and Acquisitions of the Day 12/4: JAVA/ORCL, CSCO, BAM/GGWPQ..............................................2 
Euro Regulators May Have Flawed View of Sun (JAVA)/Oracle (ORCL) Deal, Molgen Says; Ellison OK with MySQL 
Separate Entity................................................................................................................................................................3

Page 2 of 3 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Notable Mergers and Acquisitions of the Day 12/4: JAVA/ORCL, CSCO, BAM/GGWPQ 
Notable Mergers and Acquisitions of the Day 12/4: JAVA/ORCL, CSCO, BAM/GGWPQ 
581 words 
4 December 2009 
StreetInsider.com 
STINS 
English 
Copyright 2009 StreetInsider.com. All Rights Reserved. 
Sun Microsystems (NASDAQ: JAVA) shares are trading up this morning on news that Columbia University law 
professor Eben Moglen has told European regulators holding up Oracle's (NASDAQ: ORCL) $7 billion purchase 
that their assessment may be partially flawed. 
Molgen's views on the software industry are often sought out by regulators. 
Meanwhile Oracle CEO Lawrence Ellison said he's willing to create a separate entity to house it MySQL open 
database software business to quell European regulators, reports the New York Post. Currently, there's no talk on 
spinning-off MySQL into a public company. 
Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) announces that it has now received acceptances for or purchased shares representing 
more than 90% of the shares in TANDBERG. 
As a result of additional acceptances registered today, Cisco hereby announces that approximately 99.8 million 
shares have been tendered, representing 89.1% of the outstanding shares in TANDBERG. In addition, Cisco has 
on November 18 and 20, 2009, purchased a total of 2,238,600 shares in TANDBERG, corresponding to 2.0% of 
the outstanding and issued shares. The shares tendered, combined with shares owned, currently represent 
approximately 102 million shares, or approximately 91.1% of the shares and voting rights in TANDBERG. 
There may be adjustments to this result due to possible corrections and changes following registration with the 
Verdipapirsentralen (VPS). The final result will be published as soon as it is available. 
Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the remaining conditions to the offer as set forth in the offer document, 
dated October 7, 2009, Section 1.7, Cisco intends to make a compulsory acquisition of the remaining shares in 
TANDBERG pursuant to the Norwegian Public Companies Act and to proceed with an application for a de-listing 
of the shares of TANDBERG. In accordance with Section 1.7 (Conditions to the Offer) of the offer document, 
Cisco will issue a notification through the Oslo Stock Exchange as soon as each of the remaining conditions to 
the offer has been met, waived or failed to be met. 
Brookfield Asset Management (NYSE: BAM) has purchased near $1 billion of General Growth's (OTC: GGWPQ) 
unsecured debt in recent months, according to the Wall Street Journal, citing people close to the situation. 
The Toronto-based Brookfield has stakes in renewable power, infrastructure and property globally. The company 
will attempt to convert the debt from General Growth into equity and may put more capital into the nation's second 
largest mall operator to help it escape bankruptcy protection next year, the newspaper stated. 
General Growth has been operating under bankruptcy protection since April. 
Brookfield is now positioned to make a bid for the battered company, but will face strong opposition from the 
Simon Property Group Inc. (NYSE: SPG), which has hired advisors from Lazard Ltd. and Wachtell Lipton Rosen 
& Krantz and purchased unsecured debt from General Growth as it prepares to make a possible bid for the 
company. 
Simon is interested in purchasing all of General Growth and not just individual assets. Simon is already the 
largest mall operator in the U.S. with 323 malls. 
According the newspaper both General Growth and Brookfield declined to comment on the matter. 
Shares of Simon Property are valued at $74.18 in the premarket hours.To see all the Mergers & Acquisitions for 
today in real-time go to http://www.streetinsider.com/Mergers+and+Acquisitions 
Document STINS00020091204e5c40005s

Page 3 of 3 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Euro Regulators May Have Flawed View of Sun (JAVA)/Oracle (ORCL) Deal, Molgen Says; Ellison OK with MySQL Separate Entity 
Euro Regulators May Have Flawed View of Sun (JAVA)/Oracle (ORCL) Deal, Molgen Says; Ellison OK with 
MySQL Separate Entity 
116 words 
4 December 2009 
StreetInsider.com 
STINS 
English 
Copyright 2009 StreetInsider.com. All Rights Reserved. 
Sun Microsystems (NASDAQ: JAVA) shares are trading up this morning on news that Columbia University law 
professor Eben Moglen has told European regulators holding up Oracle's (NASDAQ: ORCL) $7 billion purchase 
that their assessment may be partially flawed. 
Molgen's views on the software industry are often sought out by regulators. 
Meanwhile Oracle CEO Lawrence Ellison said he's willing to create a separate entity to house it MySQL open 
database software business to quell European regulators, reports the New York Post. Currently, there's no talk on 
spinning-off MySQL into a public company. 
Document STINS00020091204e5c40003v 
Search Summary 
Text Lawrence Ellison AND SUN microsystems 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2010 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Oracle Corp. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

