Page 1 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Event Brief of Q3 2009 Intel Corporation Earnings Conference Call - Final ...................................................................2 
Intel agrees to acquire Wind River for $884M; Purchase to help chipmaker move into consumer electronics, wireless 
devices ..........................................................................................................................................................................13 
Intel sets sights on new frontiers with $884m Wind River purchase .............................................................................14 
Intel to buy Wind River, charging into software .............................................................................................................15

Page 2 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Event Brief of Q3 2009 Intel Corporation Earnings Conference Call - Final 
Event Brief of Q3 2009 Intel Corporation Earnings Conference Call - Final 
7,938 words 
13 October 2009 
CQ FD Disclosure 
FNDW 
English 
©2009 by CQ Transcriptions, LLC. All rights reserved. 
PARTICIPANTS 
. Kevin Sellers, Intel Corporation, VP, IR . Paul Otellini, Intel Corporation, President, CEO . Stacy Smith, Intel 
Corporation, VP, CFO . Uche Orji, UBS, Analyst . Sumit Dhanda, BAS-ML, Analyst . Craig Berger, FBR Capital 
Markets, Analyst . Daniel Berenbaum, Auriga USA, Analyst . John Pitzer, Credit Suisse, Analyst . Glen Yeung, 
Citi, Analyst . Chris Danely, JPMorgan, Analyst . Gus Richard, Piper Jaffray, Analyst . Doug Freedman, 
Broadpoint AmTech, Analyst . John Barton, Cowen, Analyst . Manish Goyal, TIIA-CREF, Analyst . Brendan 
Furlong, Miller Tabak, Analyst . Tristan Gerra, Robert Baird, Analyst . Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank, Analyst . 
Tim Luke, Barclays Capital, Analyst . Jim Covello, Goldman Sachs, Analyst . David Wong, Wells Fargo Securities, 
Analyst . Mark Lipacis, Morgan Stanley, Analyst . Alex Gauna, JMP Securities, Analyst 
OVERVIEW 
INTC reported 3Q09 operating profit of $2.6b. Expects the mid-point of 4Q09 revenue to be $10.1b. 
FINANCIAL DATA 
A. Key Data From Call 1. 3Q09 operating profit = $2.6b. 2. 3Q09 GM = 58%. 3. 3Q09-end total cash investments 
(comprised of cash, short-term investments and debt security trading asset) = $12.9b. 4. 3Q09 share repurchase 
= $1.7b. 5. 4Q09 mid-point revenue guidance = $10.1b. 
PRESENTATION SUMMARY 
S1. 3Q09 Business Review (P.O.) 1. Highlights: 1. Strength in business remains primarily consumer driven with 
broad-based demand across all geographies. 2. Mobile business had particularly strong qtr. 1. Saw sequential 
unit growth rate of notebook processors and chipsets actually exceed growth rate of Atom processors and 
chipsets. 2. While Atom and netbooks are important growth drivers, traditional notebook business remains one of 
primary drivers of revenue growth. 1. Expects this to continue in future. 3. Server: 1. Pleased with acceptance of 
(indiscernible) enterprise. 2. While overall enterprise spending remains weak, compelling value proposition of 
[helium] is generating growth opportunities even in down economy. 3. Will be strong profit driver in coming 
quarters. 4. Regionally: 1. China had particularly strong qtr. 1. Continued to show strength during just completed 
Golden Week. 2. US continued to ride strong consumer sales with back-to-school cycle exceeding expectations. 
3. Sequentially, Japan showed healthy growth and Europe growth was slightly above seasonal trends. 2. 
Inventory: 1. Channel sales-out, shown healthy sequential growth for three quarters in a row with channel 
sales-out this qtr. actually exceeding 3Q08 activity. 2. Inventory in channel remains slightly below normal levels, 
reflecting: 1. Good sell through. 2. Disciplined inventory management. 3. At large OEM customers, compounded 
inventories are roughly half the peak level of late year. 1. Been approx. flat throughout 2009. 2. Much of 
aforementioned is due to implementation of inventory hubs where Co. holds inventory for large OEM customers 
who then pull inventory only if needed. 1. Helps customers to better manage their inventory levels while giving 
Co. increased visibility into real time system production levels. 4. Watches supply chain inventory carefully. 1. 
Believes pipeline has been appropriately rebuilt to support increased end-demand and yet remains well below 
2008-end peak. 5. Internal inventories continue to run quite lean with factory throughput improvements providing 
Co. with ability to respond to demand changes far more quickly and effectively then ever before. 1. Product cost 
declines, significant and are a reflection of: 1. Improved loadings. 2. Better equipment reuse. 3. Exceptional 
yields. 2. All of aforementioned leads to better-than-expected costs across newer technologies allowing to expand 
margins in difficult economic environment. 3. Process Technology Leadership: 1. Biggest driver of production 
differentiation. 2. At IDF Event last month in San Francisco, mentioned that Co. has shipped over 200m 45 
nanometer processors to date. 3. This qtr., began volume production of newest process technology of 32 
nanometers. 4. 32 Nanometer Process: 1. Incorporates second generation of high-k metal gate transistors. 2. As 
Co. ramps this new technology, will be refreshing entire product line providing better performance, lower costs 
and lower power consumption for all platforms. 3. Allows to accelerate System-on-Chip implementation of INTC 
architecture, providing Co. with new growth opportunities in coming years.

Page 3 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
S2. 3Q09 Financial Review (S.S.) 1. Results: 1. Combination of strong execution and strengthening market led to 
exceptional financial results. 2. Better-than-expected demand in microprocessor and chipset businesses led to 
largest sequential 3Q revenue growth in over 30 years. 3. GM, 58%. 1. Up nearly 7 points from 2Q09. 4. 
Operating profit, up 80% and net income was up 77%, excluding the impact of $1.45b EC fine taken in 2Q09. 5. 
PC market segment, recovering nicely with microprocessor revenue, excluding Atom, growing 23% since market 
bottomed in 1Q09. 1. In same time period, Atom microprocessors and associated chipsets have grown to $450m 
in revenue in 3Q09 and $1b YTD. 6. GM benefited from exceptional execution. 1. Responded to customers' 
upside requests and achieved significant reduction in costs resulting in 58% GM, nearly 7 point increase from 
3Q08. 7. Due to capital reuse and achieving efficiencies, capital forecast of $4.5b is now less than annual 
depreciation run rate. 8. OpEx, in tight control. 1. Most clearly seen in spending as a percent of revenue. 2. 
Spending for R&D and MG&A as a percent of revenue improved 2.5 percentage points to 29%. 1. Achieved this 
result inclusive of biannual shifts of process engineers moving from cost of sales to R&D. 9. Number of 
employees increased less than 300 people including completion of Wind River acquisition. 2. Other Results: 1. 
Business model, generating profits and cash. 2. Operating profit, $2.6b. 1. Up 80% from $1.4b excluding EC fine. 
2. As a percent of revenue, grew 9.6 points to 27%. 3. 3Q09-end total cash investments, comprised of cash, 
short-term investments and debt security trading asset, $12.9b. 1. $1.6b higher than 2Q09. 4. Cash flow from 
operations, approx. $4b. 1. Paid EC fine. 2. Purchased Wind River. 3. Bought back $1.7b in stock. 4. Paid nearly 
$800m in dividends. 5. Purchased $944m in capital assets. 6. Issued $2b of convertible debt. 3. 4Q09 Guidance: 
1. Forecasting seasonal increase in revenue, taking mid-point of forecast range to $10.1b, 23% increase from 
4Q08. 2. Mid-point of GM range to increase another 4.5 points to 62%. 
QUESTION AND ANSWER SUMMARY 
OPERATOR: Your first question is from the line of Uche Orji with UBS. 
UCHE ORJI, ANALYST, UBS: Thank you very much. Let me just ask about inventories. There's a lot of talk, Paul, 
about double ordering in the channel. Let me just ask you, your in house inventory is well below your historical 
levels. Is this a new normal given reduced cycle times or should we expect a rebuild through the rest of Q4 into 
first half of 2010? And related to that can you just also talk about what you're seeing in terms of corporate 
spending, was there a little bit of corporate spending embedded in Q4 guidance or should we expect more from 
corporate in 2010? 
KEVIN SELLERS, VP, IR, INTEL CORPORATION: Hey, Uche. We're going to pick the first question, kind of keep 
it to one question if we could. 
UCHE ORJI: I have to try. 
PAUL OTELLINI, PRESIDENT, CEO, INTEL CORPORATION: It was a run on sentence approach to one 
question. I got it. Let me take -- since it's an internal inventory question, let me take it. I'm sure Paul will take the 
other question is on channel inventory as well as we go forward here. From an internal inventory standpoint we're 
lower than I would like right now. We want to get some inventory in place in Q4, part of that is we're just running a 
little leaner. We were surprised by some of the unit upsides we saw over the course of the third quarter and we 
want to replenish and we're also, as we're on the cusp of the transition to 32-nanometer, if you look historically it's 
a time when we put a little more inventory in place to buffer both sides of the demand, supply equation so I plan to 
grow inventories a bit in the fourth quarter. 
UCHE ORJI: Thank you. 
KEVIN SELLERS: Go ahead, next questioner. 
OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Sumit Dhanda with Bank of America. 
SUMIT DHANDA, ANALYST, BAS-ML: Stacy, question for you on the fourth quarter gross margin outlook, 
obviously very strong. My only question was you've indicated in your transcript that there's a point from higher 
CPU volumes in terms of a benefit. I guess my question was is mix assumed flat and then along the same lines, 
given that your excess capacity charges are dropping off, and your fab loadings are increasing as you build 
inventory, why not a higher bump just from volumes into Q4? 
STACY SMITH, VP, CFO, INTEL CORPORATION: Yes, thanks. On the first question of mix, we'll likely see a 
slightly richer mix of CPU shipments in the fourth quarter than we do in the third. Remember the way the supply 
chain works and we think the supply chain's looking pretty normal right now, they put some chipset inventory in 
place in the third quarter and then they couple it with a CPU in the fourth quarter. So probably a little richer mix to 
CPUs in the fourth, that coupled with an increase in volume is about a point of the gross margin. To your excess

Page 4 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
capacity question, the answer is we'll be out of excess capacity charges by the end of the fourth quarter. So we 
kind of took some significant charges in -- end of Q4, Q1. We saw some improvement in Q2 and Q3 with the 
further improvement that we're forecasting for Q4, those will be zero, in essence, as we leave the quarter. 
SUMIT DHANDA: Thanks. Next question. 
OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Craig Berger with BBR Capital Markets. 
CRAIG BERGER, ANALYST, FBR CAPITAL MARKETS: Hey, guys, congratulations on the strong results and 
kudos on the conference call process improvement. I guess on the gross margin, can you help us understand 
where capacity utilizations are at and what kind of capacity you have for 2010 growth? And then also, as part of 
that, if you look at the last time your revenues were about at this level--? 
STACY SMITH: Craig? 
KEVIN SELLERS: We lost Craig. 
STACY SMITH: Are you still there? 
OPERATOR: Yes, sir. 
CRAIG BERGER: --why that happened. 
STACY SMITH: We lost you, Craig. We got the first part of your question but you went out for a minute. You'll 
have to restate that. 
CRAIG BERGER: Utilizations and the last time you guys were at $10.1 billion in Q3 '08, your gross margins were 
about 3 to 4 points lower. Can you talk about some of the structural improvements that have happened over the 
last year? 
PAUL OTELLINI: Yes. To your utilization question, I showed a chart at the investor meeting that showed my 
expectations for the year. We're a little ahead of that. So in Q4, from a factory utilization standpoint, we're right in 
what I call the optimal range. We're kind of between 80 and 90%, gives us the ability to achieve really good cost 
and also have some capability to deal with upsides on specific products so that's where we're at. And then to the 
-- to your gross margin question, it's really the work we've been doing over the last three years. We're in a 
situation where we're able to reuse a significant amount of capacity from 45 to 32. That's going to be helpful to us. 
You can see that in our CapEx line. You can see our costs coming down, our through-put times are coming down, 
our output per piece of equipment is going up. Our yields are going up. So it's just a variety of work there that's 
leading to really good performance from the factory network that's helping us in the gross margin line. 
STACY SMITH: I think the other part of Craig's question was 2010 capacity so let me just share that. The 
significant increase in our capacity going into next year, Craig, is to continue to ramp the 32-nanometer factories. 
We've got two factories sort of ramping now against a planned four. That remains on track. That technology will 
provide the significant new product portfolio and capacity expansion we think we need for the 2010 environment. 
CRAIG BERGER: Thank you so much. 
STACY SMITH: Thanks, Craig. Go ahead. 
OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Daniel Berenbaum with Auriga USA. 
DANIEL BERENBAUM, ANALYST, AURIGA USA: Thanks very much for taking the call. You guys have done a 
great job managing OpEx and maybe along the lines of the last question, when you look at the last time if you 
look at Q4 guidance, midpoint the last time you were at that revenue level you were around the same OpEx level 
as you guided to and that's with the shift of startup costs into the R&D line. So as you look forward into 2010, 
assuming you continue to see some of this strength, do you need to add anything back to the R&D or SG&A lines 
or do the cuts continue as we roll into 2010? Is there more money to take out of those lines? 
STACY SMITH: Yes, I'm not going to provide a point forecast for 2010. Let me, though, answer a couple things 
we told you before. I want to just reinforce. First off, we do believe that through our work on efficiency, we can 
continue to improve spending as a percent of revenue. And so that's an area where Paul and I continue to be very 
focused. We believe that there's potential benefit there as revenue grows where we can thank some of those

Page 5 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
efficiencies. It's different from a are we going to be smaller next year. I would say we're through the cutting phase 
of our efficiency effort and now we're hopefully in the growth phase of that efficiency effort. I think that was it. Yes. 
DANIEL BERENBAUM: That's great. Thanks. 
KEVIN SELLERS: Thanks, Dan. Next question. 
OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. 
JOHN PITZER, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Yes, good afternoon, guys, congratulations. Paul, in your opening 
comments you talked about Nehalem being a profit driver over the next couple quarters. There's been a lot of 
conversations about the PC upgrade cycle within the corporate market. Can you help me understand how you 
guys are looking at sort of the potential for server replacement cycle and I guess with the EX coming out, help me 
understand to what extent that helps you grow market share and/or go after some of the proprietary solutions that 
X86 has not addressed and what could happen to TAM there as you do that? 
PAUL OTELLINI: Okay. Well, the Nehalem product line you're right, John, is now ramping through the bulk of our 
products. We've launched the high end desktop, mid-range desktop and notebook and now you'll start seeing 
more volume start shipping this quarter in addition to the -- in anticipation of a January launch so we'll have a 
full-fledged client portfolio and the MP servers all shipping by year-end. Around Nehalem. 
In terms of a server upgrade cycle, what we're seeing on the Nehalem DP is that it's not so much an upgrade 
cycle that's driving the volume right now. It's economics of the data center. People are looking at swapping out 
eight to nine older generation servers for a single Nehalem server on a ratio basis. That has the same 
performance, same or better performance, much better power consumption so it lowers their electricity bill and 
gives them a little bit more flexibility in their data center footprint. I think that's just going to get accelerated MPs 
start shipping because you have those same dynamics applying in there against an older generation of machines. 
I do think that if there is opportunity with the MP machines to start encroaching on what has traditionally been the 
risk portion of the market or even some of the low end of the mainframe portions of the market with this product 
line. As you look at some of the very high end machines our customers are working on that are well above 
eight-way machines. 
The bad news about that is that that part of the market is very small in units so when I look at the overall TAM 
expansion, there's good margin there. There's good numbers. But it's not anywhere near what we would get by, 
say, replacing the existing Xeon machines both MP and DP and the existing data frame, data center 
configurations. 
JOHN PITZER: Thanks, guys. 
KEVIN SELLERS: Thanks, John. 
OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Glen Yeung with Citi. 
GLEN YEUNG, ANALYST, CITI: Paul, maybe just your insight here. To the extent that Intel's growing above the 
industry growth rate, to what extent do you think that's attributable to, one, share gain? Two, market creation from 
Atom? And three, any pent-up demand that you may be seeing for Nehalem? 
PAUL OTELLINI: Which industry are you referring to? 
GLEN YEUNG: Well, PCs. 
PAUL OTELLINI: Oh, I don't think that we can grow much both the PC growth rate at the end of the day. There 
has been some share gain over the course of this year. We'll see what this quarter maps out to but I would think 
that trend was -- could continue this quarter. But at the end of the day, we need the volume. The PC market has 
to grow. Our current view of the PC market as I said at IDF is that the volume year on year, '09 versus '08 will be 
flat to up slightly which is a significant change from the industry view six months ago and I think you're seeing 
inside of the that Intel do well because of the shift to notebooks where we enjoy a higher market segment share 
than we do in desktops. 
GLEN YEUNG: Thanks. 
PAUL OTELLINI: Thanks. 
OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Chris Danely with JPMorgan.

Page 6 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
CHRIS DANELY, ANALYST, JPMORGAN: Thanks, Stacy. You said you wanted to grow your inventory a little bit 
in Q4. Can you give us a sense of if there was any sort of target you have in mind and then what would be the 
thoughts on Q1 assuming some sort of normal seasonal quarter, would you look to take inventory up, down or 
keep it flat in Q1? 
STACY SMITH: Yes, I'm not going to put a forecast out there for Q1. I'd like to grow inventory modestly this 
quarter and keep in mind, we're also going to have the phenomenon that you can see in the gross margin line 
where we will, as we qualify the first products on 32-nanometer for sale, we will value that inventory. So that was 
stuff that was written off in the third quarter and then we'll value the material in the line in the fourth quarter. So 
that's a piece of it. But I would expect to put modest amount of inventory in place in the fourth quarter just to build 
the inventory level back up and to make sure I have the right mix of products as I go through the product 
transitions. 
KEVIN SELLERS: Thanks, Chris. Next question. 
OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Gus Richard with Piper Jaffray. 
GUS RICHARD, ANALYST, PIPER JAFFRAY: Thanks for taking my question. Real short one. What is -- what 
was the sale of Atom related products and that was at--? 
STACY SMITH: In the quarter, so Atom and the associated chipsets were a bit above $400 million, I think $415 
million was the exact number and year-to-date we've sold over or right at $1 billion worth of Atom and associated 
chipsets. 
PAUL OTELLINI: Is that what you needed, Gus? 
GUS RICHARD: Can I ask another one? 
PAUL OTELLINI: Sure, follow-up, go ahead. 
GUS RICHARD: Real quick. On Win 7, it's obviously a significant product launch for Microsoft, has that had any 
peturbation at all in the supply chain and how are you guys seeing that? 
PAUL OTELLINI: Not that we've seen. I think there's a lot of excitement about Win 7 but again, the trend we saw 
for the bulk of this year including the current quarter, third quarter, was driven by consumer sales, particularly in 
notebooks and netbooks. If you go into retail now, you're seeing that OEMs and retail channels are offering 
coupons for machines, for an upgrade, a free upgrade to Win 7 when it comes out which has been done by 
Microsoft in prior generations so that tends to reduce any wait for the launch kind of anticipation for people that 
really want it and get the upgrade that way in a seamless, no cost basis. 
The Corporate side is a bit different. The Corporate needs to do a qualification in their environment and that 
process has begun on a worldwide basis. We see a lot of interest in corporations around Win 7 and the new 
Nehalem based SKUs which are sort of made for each other in terms of the performance and power management 
and security characteristics of the products that go together there. I would expect that that evaluation process will 
happen over the rest of this year and we'll start seeing corporate purchases on a refresh basis begin in 2010. 
GUS RICHARD: Great. Thank you. 
PAUL OTELLINI: Thanks, Gus. Go ahead. 
OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Doug Freedman with Broadpoint. 
DOUG FREEDMAN, ANALYST, BROADPOINT AMTECH: Great, thanks, guys, for taking my question. Paul, you 
you've been spending a lot of effort on growing sort of non-core revenues. You've got a whole bunch of pieces 
you've assembled now. Is there any sort of guidance you would like to offer us on how much impact that could 
have to incremental revs in 2010? 
PAUL OTELLINI: Oh, in 2010, no, I won't give you a lot guidance, I can't give you a lot of guidance there except 
to point out the trends that we did in the analyst meeting, Doug, which is that of those four businesses that we 
really aimed at with the Atom system on chip products, the one that's shipping in high volume today is the 
embedded business and that's converting to Atom and growing around that and that side of the business which is 
well north of $1 billion on a very nice growth rate so that's the one you'll see the revenue appear first in in terms of 
measurable amounts. The consumer electronics and ultra mobile activities are proceeding nicely in terms of 
design wins and product development but the volume there is really out in time a bit.

Page 7 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
STACY SMITH: If I could add to that, if you look at the clip we're on with Atom where we're seeing nice growth, 
Atom and netbooks, exiting this year, that's at a clip that should be a pretty significant growth driver for us next 
year. 
PAUL OTELLINI: Thanks, Doug. 
DOUG FREEDMAN: Thank you. 
PAUL OTELLINI: Next question. 
OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of John Barton with Cowen. 
JOHN BARTON, ANALYST, COWEN: Thank you very much. Paul, could you provide us an update on how you're 
thinking about the NAND Flash business? It's been a little while since we've really focused on that because prices 
have stabilized, headed the right direction. What are you thinking about the importance to Intel, are solid state 
drives something that's going to drive processor growth, you want to be there to enable it, those types of 
thoughts, please. 
PAUL OTELLINI: The job one for the NAND group is to drive themselves towards profitability and they've done a 
very good job this year and albeit a rising market for NAND in doing that but the losses continue to get -- to 
reduce substantially and they're on a path towards I think a sustainable business here. At the end of the day, 
that's the ultimate test for this business. We love the fact that it has a strategic nature but it must make profits for 
us. We are increasing the amount of our NAND that goes into solid state drives, both at the enterprise and client 
level and we think that is important for our platforms and we think we have pretty good value there in terms of the 
technology, both the quality of the parts and the algorithms that we use around drives. So that allows us to get a 
slightly better than commodity margin on most of the NAND business. We've got a couple of other platform ideas 
that you'll see unfolding from us over the next couple of years using this technology. 
JOHN BARTON: Thank you. 
PAUL OTELLINI: Thanks, John. 
OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Manish Goyal with TIAA-CREF. 
MANISH GOYAL, ANALYST, TIIA-CREF: Yes, hi, thank you. I was wondering if you can give some view on PC 
unit growth for 2010 in light of the corporate refresh, potential for corporate refresh and do you think consumer is 
likely to stay as strong in 2010? 
STACY SMITH: Well, we certainly have a set of numbers we're looking at inside for capacity planning, Manish, 
but we're not prepared to share them with you. I think if you look at what's happened with the third party forecasts 
for 2010, they're now all inching above 10% unit growth and we wouldn't argue with that and some of them may 
be more bullish than that as the year gets closer so let me just leave it there. The other part of your question was? 
MANISH GOYAL: Consumer related. 
STACY SMITH: Oh, consumer. 
MANISH GOYAL: Where I was heading was that is if we do get an enterprise-led recovery next year, do you think 
your ASPs could be more stable? 
STACY SMITH: Well, in general, one of -- the pressures of our selling price this year has been the absence of the 
normal mix of enterprise SKUs which tend to be a higher, richer mix using V-pro and things like that so if -- when 
that market recovers, their buying characteristics don't change, that will be some relief on the ASP pressure that 
we've seen through the growth on the consumer side. 
MANISH GOYAL: Thank you. 
PAUL OTELLINI: Thanks. Good to have you in the queue. 
OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Mark Lipacis with Morgan Stanley. 
PAUL OTELLINI: Mark, are you there? I think we'll go to the next question. 
OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak.

Page 8 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
BRENDAN FURLONG, ANALYST, MILLER TABAK: Thank you for putting me in the queue. Quick question on 
your richer product mix, CPU mix for Q4. Could you address how in general CULV is impacting the CPU mix in 
terms of ASPs and gross margins, et cetera? Thank you. 
PAUL OTELLINI: Sure. Well, remember, the CULV stands for consumer ultra low voltage so for every CULV SKU 
that we have a consumer non-ultra low voltage SKU. From that perspective, when we ship a ULV product we get 
a premium for that versus the non-ULV part. We've looked at this as being a premium product, taking advantage 
of the technology since day one. The bulk of the units that have been shipped in that category to date were single 
core versions of the products. Late last quarter, we introduced a dual core version of those products. I think you'll 
start seeing a number of laptops show up in retail channels with the dual core versions for the holiday season that 
are more ergonomically designed, thinner, lighter, more attractive chassis and those kinds of things which really 
starts moving to where the sweet spot of the, I think the market is moving. 
STACY SMITH: Brendan, this is Stacy. Based on how you asked that question I want to come back and just 
clarify one thing and make sure you didn't misinterpret my words. I was not predicting a richer mix in the CPU 
market. What I was articulating is you tend to see more chipsets sold in Q3 and more CPUs sold in Q4. So we'll 
see a mix shift towards CPUs. We're not anticipating a richer mix inside those CPUs to Paul's earlier answer. Our 
best guess is that the enterprise market continues to be relatively weak in Q4 and this continues to be more of a 
consumer-led year. 
BRENDAN FURLONG: Thank you very much. 
PAUL OTELLINI: Thanks. Next question, go ahead. 
OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Tristan Gerra with Robert Baird. 
TRISTAN GERRA, ANALYST, ROBERT BAIRD: Hi, good afternoon. How do we view Atom strategically in your 
PC mix next year? We've seen some constraints of Atom in China and also a little bit of a slowdown in netbooks 
in Q3. If you could give us an idea of the growth that you see for Atom and netbooks in 2010? 
PAUL OTELLINI: I don't know what you mean by a slowdown. If you mean a slowdown in the rate of growth given 
that we started with relatively large -- very large growth rates in the early days, the law of large numbers kicks in. 
Netbooks continue to grow. They grew nicely from Q2 to Q3. Both at the component level and sales through 
levels as near as we can tell and I believe they'll grow again in Q4. And Stacy points out, even if you take a 
simplistic Q4 times four model for 2010, that gives you significant growth over 2009 in netbooks. So we're still 
bullish on it. What we've seen this quarter, though, is that the notebook market is alive and well and that netbooks 
as we have been believing for quite some time are market additive for Intel in the industry. 
TRISTAN GERRA: Great. Thank you. 
PAUL OTELLINI: Thanks, Tristan. Go ahead, next question. 
OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 
ROSS SEYMORE, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Thanks, guys. Just a question on the gross margin in the 
beginning of next year, mainly from a fab startup perspective. Remind us where we stand in the cost for ramping 
the China fab and then if there's any impact from the 32-nanometer startup occurring in the second half of this 
year rather than the original expectation of the first half of next? 
PAUL OTELLINI: So I'll answer your question directly but I'll also refer you back to the chart that is still on our 
website from the investor meeting that shows that. The expectations haven't changed. Next year will be a year 
where startup costs are reduced over this year. At the big picture level what you had is this year there were 
significant startup costs associated with 32-nanometer. We won't be starting with significant start up costs for 
22-nanometer next year. We do have a little bit of startup cost associated with the fab in China but that was 
included in the graph I showed you and even with that we'll be down and my expectations are roughly unchanged 
in terms of the shape of this year and the shape of next year. 
ROSS SEYMORE: And what was the quantity of the China one if you gave a precise number, a point, half a 
point, et cetera? 
PAUL OTELLINI: You can eye ball it but it's well less than a point of gross margin. 
ROSS SEYMORE: Thank you.

Page 9 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
PAUL OTELLINI: Thanks, Ross. 
OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Tim Luke with Barclays Capital. 
TIM LUKE, ANALYST, BARCLAYS CAPITAL: Thanks, first, well done on your quarter in execution. Just with 
respect to the gross margin outlook, Stacy, in guiding it up, your variance of 3 points is a little bit wider than 
sometimes and also in the guidance you mentioned that there are three points related to qualification of the sale 
of 32-nanometer products and the sale of previously written off product. I guess the question is to what -- how 
much of it is the sale of previously written off product? And then I guess going forward, if you could give us some 
color on how you feel about the sustainability of the elevated 62% gross margin and what some of the key 
variables might be and I guess in the prior two questions you had some allusion to the first quarter, if you're 
continuing to build inventory, does that help, what are some of the key variables baked in this quarter's guidance 
and maybe some of the variables for next year? Thanks. 
KEVIN SELLERS: Did we say we're going to cover one question or four. 
PAUL OTELLINI: We got Uche with two. Tim, I lost count. I'll turn it over to Stacy. 
STACY SMITH: I'm not sure how to start with that one. Let me take a shot. And I'll just preface this up front by 
saying I'm probably going to disappoint you because I'm not going to give you a point estimate for next year or a 
shape of the year but I'll talk about some of the drivers. Q4, your first question was how much of that 3 points of 
qualification for sale of the 32-nanometer product, how much of it is sale of previously written off product. They're 
both significant drivers within that 3 points. I'm not going to get more precise than that. They're both multi point, 
more than a point kinds of impact there. In terms of the sustainability of 62%, I have to point out by historical 
standards that 62% is pretty rare. It really does show the financial performance that we can generate when we 
have a strengthening market and we're executing well. 
I think it really underscores for us that the strategy, how important the strategy is of having a segmented product 
line as Paul said in his prepared remarks, having the right products at the right cost to satisfy the growth in 
consumer and emerging markets and Internet consumption devices with Atom and refreshing the high end of the 
product line with our 32-nanometer product, that helps a lot. But I wouldn't try to argue for you that that's the new 
normal. I still believe that over a long period of time our gross margin even inclusive of all the growth businesses 
is kind of between 50 and 60% and we're executing well and we're at the high end now and some day we'll be at 
the low end. 
When I think about 2010, I'll refer you back to a couple of the things we showed at the investor meeting. I would 
expect startup costs next year to be lower than they are this year, per the question we had earlier. And -- so that 
will be one of the drivers and I think that we're likely to see 2010 as we progress through the year, we'll see the 
costs coming down on our 32-nanometer products and we showed a graph that showed that by the end of next 
year, we expect to be lower costs than ending 2009. I still expect that to be the case as we come up the learning 
curve on 32-nanometer and bring those costs down. So I think those two things give us a little bit of tailwind. 
TIM LUKE: The three point spread, any sense there? The wider range. 
STACY SMITH: Sorry, I knew I would forget one of your four. That one was just matching the topline growth. If we 
have -- if we end up at the top end of the revenue range, then we'll be pushing the top end of the gross margin 
range. If we end up at the bottom end of the revenue range we're at the bottom end of the gross margin range, so 
really make those symmetrical. 
TIM LUKE: Thanks, guys. 
PAUL OTELLINI: Thanks, Tim. Next question. 
OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. 
JIM COVELLO, ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS: Thanks so much. Congratulations on the great results. This has 
been sort of kicked around but I want to ask it a little bit of a different way. The supply chain hasn't really been 
able to catch up with end demand this year because we entered the year undershipping demand by so much. 
And so much of your growth this year has been a function of that. Plus, the better than expected demand relative 
to six months ago. As we exit this year, do you think you'll still be undershipping demand, shipping in line with 
demand or shipping a little bit more than demand on sort of a quarterly basis? Thanks. 
PAUL OTELLINI: I guess I have to pick a bone with your assertion, Jim. I don't think the industry undershipped 
demand in the first part of this year. People could buy a computer any day, any place on earth they wanted. I

Page 10 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
don't know of any system level shortages throughout, nor any component level shortages except for some spot 
stuff here and there. It never really constrained demand. 
JIM COVELLO: Well, what I mean, just, I'm sorry if I wasn't more clear. I go back to the fourth quarter of last year, 
PC units were down a couple percent. Your product -- Intel's microprocessor units were down 18. You were 
undershipping demand as the supply chain was liquidating inventory then. There's been some of your 
tremendous growth this year, obviously great execution and demand has been better than expected earlier in the 
year but some of it has been a catch-up from that undershipment towards the latter part of last year and do we 
think that on a quarterly basis, what I'm really trying to get at is for 2010, do we think Intel's microprocessor unit 
shipments should equal PC unit shipments? 
PAUL OTELLINI: Over the course of the year, ours plus our competition do, yes. I don't think that the pipeline will 
expand -- needs to expand much more to accommodate the growth numbers that are likely to happen in 2010. 
JIM COVELLO: That's exactly what I was getting at. 
PAUL OTELLINI: You could conceive of a corner case that by Q4 of next year at the very upper bound of 
people's forecasts, that the numbers get to be pretty large. But we've been here before. 
JIM COVELLO: Terrific. Really helpful. Thanks so much for everything. 
PAUL OTELLINI: I think we'll take a couple more questions, if we could. 
OPERATOR: Yes, sir. Your next question Fridays the line of David Wong with Wells Fargo Securities. 
DAVID WONG, ANALYST, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES: Thanks very much. Could you tell us what percent of 
your DP server sales were Nehalem in the September quarter and did the MP server revenues grow sequentially 
or decline sequentially in September. 
PAUL OTELLINI: It was well over half of the DP sales were Nehalem and I don't have the MP number, relative 
growth number in my head, I'm sorry. 
DAVID WONG: Thanks. 
PAUL OTELLINI: All right, David. Go ahead. Actually, we'll take two more from here. We have two more that we 
know, so go ahead. 
OPERATOR: Next question is from the line of Mark Lipacis with Morgan Stanley. 
PAUL OTELLINI: Did we get you back, Mark? 
OPERATOR: Your line is open. 
MARK LIPACIS, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Can you hear me? 
PAUL OTELLINI: We got you. 
STACY SMITH: Yes, Mark. 
MARK LIPACIS: Okay. From what I can tell, server microprocessor revenues have been an increasing part of 
your microprocessor revenues over the last five years, been a pretty steady growth trend as a percentage of your 
microprocessor revenues. My question is is there any reason that that trend should stop or have we reached 
some kind of saturation point and does Nehalem impact that one way or another? Thank you. 
PAUL OTELLINI: If you look at a five-year look back, Mark, it wasn't consistent. There was a period in the '06, '07 
time frame when Intel lost some share in servers and now we've come roaring back. So it wasn't always a 
consistent adder to our numbers over the course of -- over the five-year period. If you take, say, a two to three 
year period I hope that's a fair assumption. Did we answer your question, Mark? 
MARK LIPACIS: Yes. So is it fair to assume, then, that microprocess -- server microprocessors as a percent of 
your total is, it kind of stays steady state over time or it does not grow? 
STACY SMITH: As a percent of the total business, the server business is running about the same as the PC unit 
growth numbers, to a first order there's some things moving in and out in terms of DP and MP and how many 
chips per system and those kinds of things. The thing that could change that dramatically is if, coming out of this

Page 11 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
recession, the Internet data centers start deploying and move towards some of the cloud based services. That 
could drive pretty healthy demand for rack-mounted servers and blade servers for a while. 
MARK LIPACIS: Okay. Thanks very much. 
PAUL OTELLINI: Thanks, Mark. We'll take -- this will be our final question. 
OPERATOR: Your final question is from the line of Alex Gauna with JMP Securities. 
ALEX GAUNA, ANALYST, JMP SECURITIES: Thanks for getting me in and let me also say I appreciate the new 
format. Can I ask ask you, Paul, you mentioned that right now, and, Stacy, I believe you also said this, that 
enterprise has not been a part of the strength. With the Pro, how do you look at when that might step in in 2010 
and is there any risk to that? You mentioned Cloud computing here with virtualization, do we perhaps not see 
enterprise come back on the client side but stay more concentrated in the server side and what would that mean 
to gross margins? Thank you. 
PAUL OTELLINI: The last part of your question actually gave a clarification I was going to put out which is we are 
seeing pretty good strength in the enterprise relative to the server part of the business. It's the client part, the 
desktop and notebook part where the lights have been out for quite a while and now we're starting to see some 
people doing evaluation of our new platforms with Win 7. I can't give you a curve for that for 2010. It really gets 
down to when CEOs and CFOs set the budgets in the next couple of months for 2010 in terms of CapEx and do 
they want to open the checkbooks again. The compelling value for a refresh is there. 
Machines that are four and five years old which is the average fleet age right now are costing more to keep than 
to buy a new machine. Just the maintenance, the out of warranty expenses, the security upgrades, et cetera, et 
cetera, are problematic and you all know the situation with XP support so people are going to want to move to 
Win 7. And it's just a matter of I think you how fast they do that next year. 
In terms of cloud and virtualization, our focus has been bring it on. The data center -- the amount of data in the 
worldwide data centers is growing much faster than people can supply servers or deploy servers. The only 
solution to that any time soon is virtualization. Virtualization typically requires new server configurations. We've 
been benefiting by this and we're not iconoclast in terms of thinking the cloud is not good for us or will not happen. 
ALEX GAUNA: Well, just real quickly, you mentioned that the valuations are happening. Are there any 
encouraging signs that we will get on the client side and enterprise uplift for V-Pro or other hooks that go into 
virtualization or cloud computing or will we be able to get by with some of these other more elegant ULV or CLV 
platforms? 
PAUL OTELLINI: The V-Pro is a client hook, not a server hook. 
ALEX GAUNA: Right. 
PAUL OTELLINI: They're really apples and oranges in terms of cloud. I just tell you that Intel's evaluating and 
we're going to be buying a significant number of PCs next year for our employees because we've been out of the 
market for a while and our fleet's aging. I suspect a lot of other companies are coming to that same conclusion. 
ALEX GAUNA: Okay. Thanks, very much, and congratulations on the powerful results. 
STACY SMITH: Thank you. 
PAUL OTELLINI: Thanks, Alex. Hey, thank you all for joining the call today. As a reminder, our quiet period for 
the fourth quarter will begin at the close of business on Wednesday, November 25. Our fourth quarter earnings 
conference call is scheduled for Thursday, January 14, 2010. Thank you, again, and good night. 
OPERATOR: Thank you for joining today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 
[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web 
site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. 
In the conference calls upon which Event Briefs are based, companies may make projections or other 
forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current 
expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any 
forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified 
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the

Page 12 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove 
inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the 
forward-looking statements will be realized. 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT BRIEFS REFLECTS THOMSON FINANCIAL'S SUBJECTIVE 
CONDENSED PARAPHRASE OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND THERE MAY BE 
MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE 
CONFERENCE CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY 
ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE 
INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT BRIEF. USERS ARE ADVISED TO 
REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S 
SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.] 
Document FNDW000020091027e5ad00106

Page 13 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Intel agrees to acquire Wind River for $884M; Purchase to help chipmaker move into consumer electronics, wireless devices 
Business & Technology 
Intel agrees to acquire Wind River for $884M; Purchase to help chipmaker move into consumer 
electronics, wireless devices 
Ian King, and Tim Mullaney 
Bloomberg News 
441 words 
5 June 2009 
Ottawa Citizen 
OTCT 
Final 
E3 
English 
Copyright © 2009 Ottawa Citizen 
Intel Corp., the world's largest maker of semiconductors, agreed to buy software company Wind River Systems 
Inc. for about $884 million, a bid to get its chips into more consumer electronics and wireless devices. 
The price is $11.50 a share in cash, Santa Clara, California-based Intel said Thursday in a statement, offering a 
44-per-cent premium over Wind River's closing price Wednesday. Wind River makes operating systems for 
everything from cars 
to mobile phones, serving customers such as Sony Corp. and Boeing Co. 
Intel, whose processors run about 80 per cent of the world's personal computers, is expanding into new markets, 
including chips for televisions and mobile devices. Wind River's software and customer list will pave the way for 
Intel to win more chip contracts, said Cody Acree, an analyst at Stifel Nicolaus & Co. 
"If you have a chip you want to put in a lot of things other than a PC, you need code," said the Dallas-based 
analyst. 
"Wind River brings that, and it brings customers." 
The purchase marks Intel's first major acquisition since Paul Otellini took over as chief executive officer in 2005. 
Intel expects chips for "embedded systems," such as the electronics in car-navigation systems, to generate 
billions of dollars in annual sales, said Bill Kircos, a company spokesman. Intel already supplies chips to BMW 
Werke AG for car stereos that use Wind River software. 
"It's trying to get our chips into new systems in your car, into new meters that let you monitor how you use 
electricity," Kircos said. "It's about getting into new consumer electronics, smart phones and health care." 
This is the second large technology acquisition announcement this week. 
Data Domain Inc., which makes a product that reduces the amount of disk space needed to store data, accepted 
a $1.9 billion offer from Net-App Inc. Wednesday. EMC Corp. also bid for Data Domain earlier this week. 
Wind River also distributes versions of the Linux operating system, competing with products from Microsoft 
Corp., Intel's main software partner on PCs. 
The company is adapting that software for mobile Internet devices -- the successors to today's smart phones -- a 
market that Intel is trying to crack with its Atom chip. 
Colour Photo: Nicky Loh, Reuters / A man walks past Intel motherboard displays at the huge Computex exhibition 
in Taipei. The world's largest maker of semiconductors is buying software specialist Wind River. ; 
Document OTCT000020090605e56500034

Page 14 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Intel sets sights on new frontiers with $884m Wind River purchase 
COMPANIES - INTERNATIONAL 
Intel sets sights on new frontiers with $884m Wind River purchase 
By Chris Nuttall in San Francisco and Maija Palmer in London 
382 words 
5 June 2009 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
Asia Ed1 
16 
English 
(c) 2009 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
TECHNOLOGY HARDWARE 
Intel yesterday paid $884m in cash for Wind River Systems, a software company that should help the 
chipmaker's push into new markets. 
Wind River, based in the San Francisco Bay Area, represents Intel's biggest acquisition in the four-year tenure of 
Paul Otellini as chief executive. 
Mr Otellini stressed at the company's analyst day last month that software was now a "core competency" for the 
world's biggest chipmaker as it entered new markets in the mobile device and embedded systems industries. 
Wind River makes software that helps companies programme and manage devices such as mobile phones and 
in-car entertainment systems. Intel is keen to expand into markets such as these as growth slows in the more 
mature PC and server markets that it currently dominates. 
Intel's strategy is built around its Atom processor - a chip that is smaller and requires much less power than its 
regular PC microprocessors, putting it in competition with chips based on designs by the UK's Arm Holdings. 
Mr Otellini believes Intel can build a key advantage for Atom by supporting it with a large software effort. 
"This acquisition will bring us complementary, market-leading software assets and an incredibly talented group of 
people to help us continue to grow our embedded systems and mobile device capabilities," said Renee James, 
Intel vice-president and general manager of the company's Software and Services Group. 
Atom has so far dominated the netbook category of small, cheap notebook computers. Intel is supporting its 
adoption through development of a new open source operating system to rival Windows, called Moblin. 
Intel will pay $11.50 per Wind River share, a 44 per cent premium to the closing price on Wednesday. The 
company's stock soared $3.54 or 44 per cent to $11.54 at the open yesterday. 
Wind River, which has 1,600 employees, had annual revenues of $359.7m in 2008, an increase of $31.2m from 
the previous year. The company also moved into profit in fiscal year 2009 of $10.8m from a loss of $2.4m the 
year before. 
ftnewspaper_20090605.xml|20090605A116.309 
Document FTFT000020090605e56500010

Page 15 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Intel to buy Wind River, charging into software 
Corporate News 
Intel to buy Wind River, charging into software 
By Don Clark 
497 words 
5 June 2009 
The Wall Street Journal Europe 
WSJE 
6
English 
(Copyright (c) 2009, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
Intel Corp. agreed to buy Wind River Systems Inc. for about $884 million, a surprise move that gives the chip 
maker a significant software business and could help take its technology to new markets. 
The transaction also makes Intel a direct competitor with Microsoft Corp., though mainly in industrial and 
consumer businesses that don't affect the technology giants' longtime partnership in the personal-computer 
industry. 
Wind River, of Alameda, Calif., has the leading market share among software suppliers for so-called embedded 
applications used in cars, office equipment, industrial controls, telecommunications gear and 
consumer-electronics devices. The company is known for an operating system called VxWorks but has more 
recently built a business around varieties of the Linux operating system. 
Intel, of Santa Clara, Calif., already sells most chips that serve as calculating engines in computers. Paul Otellini, 
its chief executive officer, has vowed to use a low-end chip called Atom to make the company a bigger player in 
pocket-size devices, consumer-electronics gear and the embedded applications that are Wind River's specialty. 
Intel has already built up a sizable internal software-development operation, which recently created a free Linux 
variant called Moblin for use with Atom in mobile-computing and other markets. But Wind River will for the first 
time give Intel a way to turn software into a potential source of revenue and profit. 
Wind River will operate as a separate unit and continue to deliver programs that work on other chips in addition 
to Intel's, which make up the bulk of its business now. "They are trying to build a software business, which makes 
this a monumental transaction," said John Bruggeman, Wind River's chief marketing officer. 
Bill Kircos, an Intel spokesman, downplayed the potential competition with Microsoft; for one thing, he said, Wind 
River mainly competes in markets where the main alternative for companies is internally developed software. He 
added that buying Wind River, instead of continuing to work with them as an independent partner, will allow Intel 
to help step up the software company's investments around Atom and other Intel chips. 
Another possible motivation is defensive -- keeping Wind River out of the hands of other giants, including chip 
makers such as Qualcomm Inc., said Roger Kay, an analyst at Endpoint Technologies Associates. "It's a parry 
and thrust thing," he said. 
Mr. Bruggeman would not discuss any other potential suitors, though he said "you have to imagine this is a hotly 
contested space." 
Intel agreed to pay $11.50 a share in cash for Wind River, 44% above the closing price of that company's shares 
on Wednesday. Wind River shares jumped 44% to $11.52 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market. 
Wind River has about 1,600 employees and reported revenue of $359.7 million in the fiscal year ended Jan. 31. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document WSJE000020090605e5650002b 
Search Summary

Page 16 of 16 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Text Paul Otellini AND Wind River 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2010 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Intel Corp. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

