Page 1 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Small biz 'bulwark' of economy says M&T CEO..............................................................................................................2
Odd Couple M&T and Wilmington Trust Still Working on the Marriage ..........................................................................3
M&T to Add Dozens of Jobs in Buffalo............................................................................................................................6
M&T sees loan growth; profit grows 36 percent ..............................................................................................................7
Wilmington Trust employees face hundreds of layoffs as result of M&T acquisition.......................................................9
PhillyDeals: Sale of Wilmington Trust the latest upheaval in 'Corporate State'.............................................................11
M&T to acquire Wilmington Trust ..................................................................................................................................13
M&T Buying A Rarity in Wilmington: Fee Factory .........................................................................................................14
UPDATE:Wilmington Advisory Business To Keep Brand After M&T Takeover ............................................................16
M&T Says Wilmington Trust Deal Offers New Fee Source, Other Advantages............................................................17
Page 2 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Small biz 'bulwark' of economy says M&T CEO
Small biz 'bulwark' of economy says M&T CEO
Allissa Kline
442 words
17 April 2012
Business First of Buffalo Online
BSFBFO
English
© 2012 American City Business Journals, Inc. All rights reserved.
Small businesses — and the jobs they create — are critical to the economic recovery, but insufficient lending
programs and the lack of qualified workers make it hard for small businesses to grow and expand.
That was the crux of Robert Wilmers’ message Tuesday to M&T Bank Corp. (NYSE: MTB) shareholders who
gathered in Buffalo for the company’s annual shareholder meeting.
The bank chairman and CEO called small business the "bulwark" of the economy. But the slow-growing sector is
"in trouble" due to unnecessary bureaucratic red tape involved in small business loans and fewer skilled job
candidates for open positions.
Wilmers made two suggestions: an overhaul of certain loan programs to make the lending process easier for
banks and consumers and an effort to better prepare young people for the workforce.
He cited the bank’s involvement in the Promise Neighborhood Program as one example of an initiative to improve
the lives of children living in Buffalo’s 14215 zip code. The $6 million grant from the U.S. Department of Education
will be leveraged by an additional $14.6 in investments from M&T Bank and other partners.
The longtime chief executive spoke briefly on other topics during the annual meeting:
• He identified the bank’s three largest business initiatives for 2012: cutting expenses, growing business and
continuing the bank’s integration with Wilmington Trust Corp. The bank purchased the troubled wealth advisory
firm in May 2011. It is slowly converting the firm’s systems to M&T systems.
• Citing confidentiality agreements, he did not elaborate on whether M&T made a bid for the 195 HSBC Bank USA
N.A. retail branches now being sold to First Niagara Financial Group Inc. "But we’re very happy the way we are
and I’m sure the banking system in Upstate New York will be stronger," he said.
• According to Wilmers, there’s no rush on the bank’s part to repay the remaining $381.5 million it owes to the
U.S. Treasury as part of the Capital Purchase Program, a component of the Troubled Asset Relief Program
known as TARP. The bank paid back part of what it owes in May 2011.
During the meeting, M&T shareholders approved the appointment of 14 directors to M&T’s board and okayed the
2012 compensation packages for the bank’s named executive officers.
Did you find this article useful? Why not subscribe to Business First of Buffalo for more articles and leads? Visit
bizjournals.com/subscribe or call 1-866-853-3661.
Document BSFBFO0020120417e84h0005p
Page 3 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Odd Couple M&T and Wilmington Trust Still Working on the Marriage
Mergers & Acquisitions
Odd Couple M&T and Wilmington Trust Still Working on the Marriage
By Matthew Monks
1,516 words
21 February 2012
American Banker
AMB
Vol.177, No.34
English
(c) 2012 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved.
M&T Bank Corp. took the good with the bad when it bought Wilmington Trust Corp.
To get a top-flight trust operation, the Buffalo, N.Y., bank had to accept with it a damaged brick-and-mortar lender
in Delaware.
M&T — among the speediest integrators in bank M&A — has been slow to integrate both units. The $78
billion-asset company is scheduled to finish converting Wilmington Trust's wealth and corporate systems in June,
13 months after closing the $351 million deal.
It is a far different story than its purchase in 2009 of Provident Bankshares Corp. It closed the deal for the
Baltimore bank on a Friday and wrapped up the conversion of Provident's 135 branches in three days. That was
M&T's biggest deal ever. Wilmington Trust is its second biggest.
Why has M&T been so slow bringing it into the fold?
The same reason a blue-collar guy waits to dig in to the first course at a black-tie dinner: he wants to make sure
he uses the right fork.
"The Wilmington Trust customer base and the bank itself were set up differently than the other banks we have
come across. It was more customized, more specialized," says Mark J. Czarnecki, M&T's president.
"We have a model down on traditional bank acquisitions — that model would have us go faster," he says. "Here,
we're taking it a little slow."
Wilmington Trust is M&T's first foray into upper-crust banking. It sets up tax shelters for millionaires. M&T banks
the other 99%. M&T has bought 23 banks since the early 1970s, most of them simple operations. It knows that
rushing into an unfamiliar business leads to trouble. M&T booked a $79 million charge last quarter tied to a stake
in a Miami commercial mortgage firm it acquired just before the crash.
M&T wants to avoid a clumsy, brand-diluting takeover of an elite bank, which Wilmington Trust was despite its
loan troubles, executives say.
There are a lot of moving parts. Wilmington Trust had two U.S.-chartered banks and more than a half-dozen
investment businesses that handle corporate and personal trust work in 90 countries.
Wilmington Trust was forced to sell itself when bad loans to homebuilders sent customers fleeing from its
marquee trust division. M&T did not want to further rattle Wilmington Trust's customers and advisors, so it kept
the Wilmington Trust name — something it had not done in previous acquisitions.
"Their whole natural advantage, their business strategy, was around being from Delaware, that was the
centerpiece of who they were," Czarnecki says. "To rename them M&T would be to take away their identity in a
way that would not be helpful — we thought about that a lot."
M&T Chief Executive Robert Wilmers has met with many important clients of Wilmington Trust to reassure them,
and to get a sense of their needs. He also put a 35-year Wilmington Trust veteran, William Farrell, in charge of
M&T's wealth and institutional services. Part of Farrell's job is to bridge the cultural divide between Delaware and
New York.
Page 4 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Going slow helped end the customer and employee attrition, Czarnecki says. The post-merger growth in checking
accounts in Delaware is the best M&T has ever seen. But being patient has translated to higher costs.
M&T investors scoffed when the normally disciplined company's expenses soared last year on $84 million in
merger charges. The deal has delivered scant cost savings and revenue gains to date, though M&T is projecting
hefty amounts of each. It intends to remove $80 million of Wilmington Trust's annual operating costs, with the bulk
of those savings projected for the second half of this year.
M&T's trust revenue exceeds pre-merger levels but was flat during the last six months. M&T blames the volatile
economy's toll on corporate and wealth advisory services. Investors worry it has not been able to win back clients.
M&T — which counts Warren Buffet as a major investor — is not an outfit that seeks quick returns, executives
stress. Wilmington Trust will pay off over the long haul, they say.
"It will take some time," says Rene Jones, M&T's chief financial officer. "We're pretty patient. We're already
seeing new customers being generated."
Analysts are giving M&T the benefit of the doubt because of its record of making deals work.
"The addition of [Wilmington Trust] provides a meaningful source of earnings leverage for [M&T], particularly as
we began to look forward to" the second half of 2012, Sterne Agee & Leach analyst Todd Hagerman wrote in a
note to clients in January.
TRADING PLACES
Wilmington Trust and M&T are from different worlds.
M&T makes money from interest on loans and securities. Wilmington Trust makes it from fees. Those fees —
mostly from handling cash for rich people and big corporations — are the main reason the risk-averse M&T is
making its up-market gamble. About 37% of M&T's revenue is now fee-based, up from about 33% before the
deal.
"The traditional fee opportunities in banking are being restricted, if you can build another source of fee revenue —
that is the obvious strategic play," Czarnecki says.
The franchises have other differences. Wilmington Trust was crippled by bad loans it made to Delaware
homebuilders. M&T is renowned for superior underwriting. Its expertise in construction lending in particular was a
key reason it pounced swiftly on Wilmington Trust in late 2010.
The du Pont family started Wilmington Trust 100 years ago to manage its fortune. Today it helps people with at
least $10 million of liquid assets figure out which heir gets the beach house and which gets the boat. It oversees
the interests of investors that lent money to corporate giants that went bust, such as General Motors and Lehman
Brothers. It handles trustee, retirement, investment and cash management and other services for multinational
companies from Switzerland to the Caribbean.
A couple of hardscrabble Buffalo businessmen looking to make equipment loans to local manufacturers founded
M&T in the 1850s. Business lending is still its primary business; it extends credit to health care operators, hotels
and New York apartment building owners. M&T had a trust and brokerage arm before buying Wilmington Trust,
but it was in a different league, selling mutual funds, annuities and college savings plans to everyday folks at
branches from Maryland to New York. It also sets up trusts to manage bonds sold by cities and towns.
TWO-PRONGED ATTACK
The integration of the $11 billion-Wilmington Trust has two parts: Wilmington Trust Co., Delaware's top
commercial bank, and Wilmington Trust FSB, an umbrella for Wilmington's retirement, institutional and employee
benefit services operations.
M&T waited more than three months to convert Wilmington Trust's commercial bank, which had 48 branches in
Delaware. It took extra time because Wilmington Trust's retail operations had novel back-office system to handle
the complex finances of its wealthy clients.
M&T has a standard banking system that assumes customers generally buy the same kinds of home loans or
checking accounts. It had to tweak its system to account for the customized services demanded by Wilmington
Trust clients, some of whom count on the bank to manage tens of millions of dollars.
Page 5 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
The integration of Wilmington Trust's wealth and corporate services is sort of a reverse-merger within the merger.
M&T is folding its trust and brokerage arms into the Delaware bank's much larger and more complex trust
operations.
Wilmington Trust managed $42 billion of assets at the time of its sale; M&T's trust operations managed about $13
billion. The Wilmington Trust savings bank converted to a national bank, and merged with one of M&T's two U.S.
chartered banks.
Two steps remain in the integration of the trust operations. In March, the M&T-branded mutual funds are slated to
become Wilmington Trust funds. In June, Wilmington Trust converts to the same trust accounting system M&T
uses. Wilmington Trust had been prepping to convert to a similar model employed by M&T before the takeover,
so M&T stuck with that prior schedule.
Long term, M&T's aim is to refer the aging business owners it has banked for years to Wilmington Trust as they
retire and cash out.
"This is a very high-end product," Czarnecki says. "The money will be made in this transaction for us over longer
periods of time by introducing that high-end service to our customer base."
Document AMB0000020120217e82l00001
Page 6 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
M&T to Add Dozens of Jobs in Buffalo
Community Banking
M&T to Add Dozens of Jobs in Buffalo
By Alan Kline
323 words
19 May 2011
American Banker
AMB
Vol.176, No.96
English
(c) 2011 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved.
Is Buffalo becoming the next Charlotte?
Two weeks after First Niagara Financial Group in Buffalo announced it is adding hundreds of jobs in western New
York, the chief executive M&T Bank Corp. said his company expects to create 133 new jobs in Buffalo as a result
of its acquisition of Wilmington Trust Corp. in Delaware.
M&T, the largest bank based in Buffalo, completed its deal for Wilmington Trust on Monday. The deal increased
its assets by nearly $11 billion, to $78 billion, and added 55 branches in the Mid-Atlantic region.
In an interview with the Buffalo News this week, M&T Chairman and CEO Robert Wilmers said that the new jobs
would be in the areas of information technology, operations, finance, credit and customer service. He did not say
how many of the jobs would be new to the company and how many would be moved from Delaware.
Either way, the jobs would be a boon to Buffalo, which is emerging as a banking hub. In the midst of an
acquisition spree, First Niagara moved its headquarters from nearby Lockport to Buffalo last year and is planning
to add 500 new jobs - many in Buffalo - over the next five years. First Niagara now has $30 billion of assets and
nearly 350 branches in four states.
The other big player in upstate New York is HSBC Bank USA - though perhaps not for long.
The bank said last week that it was reviewing whether to keep or sell its upstate New York operations as part of a
broader plan to "rightsize" its branch network.
Asked by the Buffalo News, if M&T — which has made nearly two dozen acquisitions over the last 23 years —
would be interested in acquiring its rival's branch network, Wilmers said, "Obviously you've got to be intrigued."
Document AMB0000020110518e75j000b5
Page 7 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
M&T sees loan growth; profit grows 36 percent
M&T sees loan growth; profit grows 36 percent
Kevin Tampone
937 words
29 April 2011
Business Journal
CNYJ
10
Volume 25; Issue 17; ISSN: 10503005
English
© 2011 Business Journal. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved.
M&T Bank Corp. (NYSE: MTB) is generating loan growth across its markets and in sectors ranging from media to
transportation, the Buffalo-based banking company's CFO said.
Rene Jones spoke during a conference call April 18 discussing M&Ts first-quarter earnings with analysts,
investors, and the media.
The company earned $206 million, or $1.59 per share, in the first quarter, up more than 36 percent from a year
earlier.
Loans and leases at M&T totaled more than $52.1 billion as of March 31, up from $51.99 billion at the end of
2010 and $51.4 billion a year earlier. Commercial loans and commercial real-estate loans have both grown over
the past year.
"Just about everybody is participating," Jones said of the markets where M&T has been seeing the loan growth.
That includes upstate New York, New York City, Pennsylvania, and the Mid-Atlantic. The growth crosses industry
sectors as well, Jones said.
Also during the conference call, Jones spoke briefly on M&Ts still-pending repayment of government funds from
the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP).
M&T received $600 million from the Treasury. It's in the process of acquiring another TARP recipient, Wilmington
Trust Corp. of Delaware.
Jones said M&T had hoped to be able to talk in detail about its repayment plans by now.
"I think these things are just taking a little longer than expected," he said.
M&T announced plans to acquire Wilmington in November in a $351 million stock deal. The acquisition will bring
M&T about $8.3 billion in deposits and $8.1 billion in loans.
M&T Chairman and CEO Robert Wilmers talked about the deal in comments to shareholders at the bank's
annual meeting April 19.
"It will allow us once again to enter a new market of a kind with which we are familiar - indeed, one which is
contiguous to our existing presence in the Mid-Atlantic," he said. "And it allows us again to enter as a significant,
even leading, institution in that new market Even that which is unusual about this acquisition to this point bodes
well.
"The addition of Wilmington Trusts highly regarded wealth advisory and corporate client services division brings
us assets measured both in dollars and, just as important, expertise. The latter will allow us to extend a new
range of sophisticated services to M&T customers who had not previously had such access."
M&T Bank has total assets of more than $68 billion and more than 800 branches in New York, Pennsylvania,
Maryland, Virginia, West Virginia, Delaware, New Jersey, and Washington, D.C.
M&T is the number two bank in the Syracuse-area deposit market with 30 branches, $2.2 billion in deposits, and
a deposit market share of more than 20 percent. The bank leads the Binghamton-area market with 17 branches,
more than $1.3 billion in deposits, and a deposit market share of nearly 50 percent, according to the latest
statistics from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. (FDIC).
Page 8 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
M&T is number two in the Utica-Rome market with 13 branches, nearly $618 million in deposits, and a deposit
market share of more than 16 percent, according to FDIC statistics.
Fast-quarter net interest income at M&T totaled $575 million, up 2 percent from a year earlier. Noninterest income
was $314 million, up from $258 million in the first quarter of 2010.
Deposits rose 6 percent to $50.5 billion, up from $47.5 billion a year earlier.
The bank's provision for loan losses was $75 million in the period, down from $105 million in the first quarter of
2010. Net charge offs totaled $74 million, down from $95 million a year earlier.
M&Ts nonaccrual loans totaled $121 billion as of March 31, down from $1.24 billion as of March 31, 2010.
Noninterest expense was $500 million in the first quarter, up from $489 million a year earlier.
Wilmers comments on U.S. fiscal, economic challenges
M&T weathered the financial crisis much better than some other institutions, but CEO Wilmers said at the annual
meeting he's concerned the nation at large could be headed down the same financial path as countries like
Greece, Ireland, and Portugal. All three are facing serious fiscal and debt challenges.
"Our fiscal problems reflect not only the fact that we are spending so much - but that our engine of growth and
prosperity, the ultimate source of the money on which government relies, has stalled," Wilmers said. "Our level of
private sector employment still has not returned to what it was at its peak in 2001. Unemployment and
underemployment combined stand at 15.7 percent."
He said the U.S. must take its budget challenge seriously. Both political parties must work together toward a
solution that is likely to include both spending restraint and increased tax revenue.
"Nationally, we are failing to devote public resources to the industries of the future," Wilmers added. "Our
investment in research and development, which reached 30 percent of total federal spending during the 1960s,
has plummeted to just 15 percent today. It will require sustained and effective investment in both education and
research to reduce our deficit and debt and put us back on a path toward a healthy economy, the only way we
can truly cure our fiscal ills."
Copyright Central New York Business Journal Apr 29, 2011
Document CNYJ000020110608e74t0000b
Page 9 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Wilmington Trust employees face hundreds of layoffs as result of M&T acquisition
Wilmington Trust employees face hundreds of layoffs as result of M&T acquisition
By RANDALL CHASE
AP Business Writer
480 words
9 February 2011
17:50
Associated Press Newswires
APRS
English
(c) 2011. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.
DOVER, Del. (AP) - M&T Bank Corp.'s planned acquisition of Wilmington Trust Corp. will result in more than 700
layoffs in Delaware, officials said Wednesday.
Buffalo N.Y.-based M&T announced in November that it would pay about $351 million for Wilmington Trust, which
has been reeling from a deteriorating portfolio of commercial real estate construction loans.
Officials began notifying Wilmington Trust employees in Delaware on Wednesday that 721 of them will lose their
jobs as the result of the merger, which will be voted on at special meeting of Wilmington Trust shareholders on
March 22 in Wilmington.
The layoffs, which will begin later this year after the merger closes and the conversion to a single company
begins, represent roughly one fourth of Wilmington Trust's work force.
M&T plans to spend about $23 million on severance payments, said spokesman Mike Zabel.
Zabel said the layoffs primarily will affect back office and central office functions that duplicate those of M&T, such
as human resources, compliance and information technology.
Wilmington Trust employees who interact with customers, including branch employees, will not be affected, Zabel
said. M&T also has said it will retain Wilmington Trust's wealth advisory and corporate client services units under
the Wilmington Trust name.
"This is the process that we have to go through to build a company that's poised for future growth," said Zabel,
adding that M&T does not underestimate the effect such decisions have on people.
M&T board Chairman and CEO Robert Wilmers called Delaware Gov. Jack Markell on Tuesday night to inform
him of the layoffs.
"M&T has explained that its planned reduction of the Wilmington Trust work force is a result of significant outside
forces, including a very challenging real estate loan portfolio," Markell said in a statement issued Wednesday.
"The bank's leadership told us that it is making the changes they believe are necessary for a strong foundation for
future growth in Delaware."
Markell said that upon closing of the deal, M&T will have about 2,500 employees in Delaware, making it one of
the state's largest employers.
U.S. Sen. Tom Carper said he was saddened to hear of the impending layoffs.
"While I am hopeful that most of the Wilmington Trust employees will be able to keep their jobs under this merger,
it is obviously disappointing news anytime hardworking employees lose their jobs through no fault of their own,
and my thoughts are with these employees and their families during this difficult time," Carper said in a prepared
statement.
M&T shares fell 35 cents on Wednesday to $88.77. Wilmington Trust rose two cents to $4.47.
7
Document APRS000020110209e729002om
Page 10 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Page 11 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
PhillyDeals: Sale of Wilmington Trust the latest upheaval in 'Corporate State'
BUSINESS; P-com Biz
PhillyDeals: Sale of Wilmington Trust the latest upheaval in 'Corporate State'
By Joseph N. DiStefano
Inquirer Staff Writer
741 words
2 November 2010
The Philadelphia Inquirer
PHLI
CITY-C
D01
English
(c) Copyright 2010, Philadelphia Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Delaware's political unrest, which brought reporters flocking to Wilmington for the Election Day test between
angry Republican conservatives and frantic allies of President Obama, follows job-destroying business upheavals
that have unwound the tight social and economic consensus in what consumer activist Ralph Nader used to call
the "Corporate State."
The latest came Monday, the eve of Election Day, with the deep-discount sale of Delaware's dominant bank,
money-losing Wilmington Trust Corp., to investor Warren Buffett's M&T Corp., at its lowest share price in 25 years
- lower, if you count inflation.
In a 1971 book, Nader described Delaware as a place where the public deferred to business paternalism - giving
the locally dominated DuPont Co., its founding family, its allied banks (especially Wilmington Trust) and
foundations-friendly courts, favored tax treatment and other advantages - in exchange for the comforting sense
that big business would take care of the basics, like keeping people working.
Since Nader wrote, DuPont Co. (and the du Pont family) influence has receded. For a time, the corporate model
seemed to gain strength, as Wilmington traded on its business-friendly laws and politicians to draw diverse new
financial and legal business, boxy new offices, and a tasty menu of big-city restaurants and shows.
Contemporary industrial cities like Camden and Chester collapsed as their factories shut. But until recently,
Wilmington-area industrial plants survived waves of U.S. corporate cost-cutting. Delaware governors routinely
visited corporate bosses in New York and Detroit, cited the state's business-friendly statutes and attitudes, gave
concessions, and won reprieves.
Not anymore. In the last three years, General Motors, Chrysler and Valero have closed their sprawling plants in
surrounding New Castle County, idling thousands.
The giant credit-card banks that took up slack from DuPont's retreat were sold to outsiders; Bank of America, in
particular, has cut more than 3,000 former MBNA Corp. card jobs since overpaying for the Wilmington-based loan
giant in 2007.
M&T says Wilmington Trust, after losing money for six straight quarters, still has a billion dollars in bad loans on
its books, piled up under the 17-year rule of chief executive Ted T. Cecala, a former accountant who abruptly
departed last spring as losses mounted.
The details are complex and painful, but Wilmington Trust's disease looks simple in its outline: Cecala's
agreeable business lenders made too many construction loans to developers, especially along the Delaware
Shore. Property and loan values collapsed in the economic slump.
That's a problem, not just for the bank's shareholders, but for other Delaware business borrowers, which relied
heavily on Wilmington Trust. Their main capital faucet slowed as the bank was forced to tighten credit.
The sale will almost certainly mean more corporate jobs lost, this time at Wilmington Trust headquarters, which
occupies two towers - one beige, one gray - near Wilmington's downtown Rodney Square. The bank employs
2,700, mostly in Delaware.
Page 12 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
It is "sad to lose an institution that we have known and trusted for over a century in the City of Wilmington," Mayor
James Baker said. Baker plans to meet with M&T officials and remind them that the city and state do a lot of
business with Wilmington Trust, in hopes of cushioning the blow. Gov. Jack Markell says he's been appealing to
M&T, too.
It's not all bad. The banks - M&T already has a presence in Delaware - don't much overlap, which will limit branch
closings. (M&T runs a call center in Millsboro, way downstate.) Veteran loan officers have told me M&T's culture
encourages business lenders to be aggressive in finding good customers.
So maybe M&T will help get the local economy going again by lending more than Wilmington Trust could lately,
even if it does lay off the bank's bosses and staff.
But M&T chief executive Robert Wilmers is 75, and M&T has been named in merger talks with bigger banks.
There could be another deal in the works before voters and workers can bank on what to expect next from
Wilmington Trust, the state's dominant financial institution.
Contact Joseph N. DiStefano at 215-854-5194 or JoeD@phillynews.com.
Document PHLI000020101102e6b20000p
Page 13 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
M&T to acquire Wilmington Trust
M&T to acquire Wilmington Trust
139 words
2 November 2010
Global Banking News
GLOBAN
English
(c) 2010, Electronic News Publishing. All Rights Reserved.
M&T Bank Corp (NYSE: MTB) has announced that it would be acquiring Delaware-based Wilmington Trust Corp.
The deal is worth about USD351m, and the acquisition is expected to be completed by the middle of 2011. After
the deal is completed, M&T Bank Corp would acquire 48 offices in Delaware.
M&T Bank Corp’s chairman and CEO, Robert Wilmers, said, ‘This strategic partnership brings together two
institutions that share many common values and that operate several distinct but complementary lines of
business. By leveraging the combined strengths of both organizations, we are building an even more powerful
franchise with strength and stability, scale and density, and top-of-class products and services.’
[Editorial queries for this story should be sent to gbn@enpublishing.co.uk]
Document GLOBAN0020101102e6b20002v
Page 14 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
M&T Buying A Rarity in Wilmington: Fee Factory
News
M&T Buying A Rarity in Wilmington: Fee Factory
By Matthew Monks
780 words
2 November 2010
American Banker
AMB
1
Vol.175, No.168
English
(c) 2010 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved.
M&T Bank Corp.'s deal to buy Wilmington Trust Corp. is about two things: fees, and more fees.
The target's two big fee engines - wealth management and corporate services - make M&T willing to buy its
problems.
Wilmington Trust has a sizable amount of troubled construction loans to Delaware home builders. Mounting
problems in that portfolio, which M&T expects to lose more than $500 million, forced Wilmington Trust to find a
buyer.
With consumers and businesses borrowing less, banks want revenue sources that don't involve collecting loan
interest. Institutions that have come through the recession relatively well like M&T are looking to acquire fee
businesses, experts said.
In that sense, this transaction could set a precedent, because M&T is not buying a bank for its loans and
deposits.
That sort of play has been unusual in bank mergers since the early 2000s, when banks bought a lot of subprime
lending and insurance businesses in search of more fees.
A repeat of that type of deal wave is unlikely, though, making M&T's $351 million deal for the $10.5 billion-asset
Wilmington Trust a one-off affair.
Fee-based financial businesses are rare and tend to operate in areas plagued with uncertainties, like the
insurance and home mortgage industries, experts said. Two banks that have recently bought into those areas -
First NiagaraFinancial Group Inc. in Buffalo, N.Y., and New York Community Bancorp Inc. in Westbury - are
healthy enough to take on some volatility to raise fees. Few healthy banks are willing to take such a chance right
now.
Wilmington Trust is also unique, experts said.
It takes in more fees than typical banks, which tend to make most of their money collecting more interest from
borrowers than they pay out to depositors. That makes it special. But it also made too many loans to people it
shouldn't have before the economy collapsed. There's nothing special about that.
So it has a stellar fee business, taking in some $93 million in advisory fees last quarter. But its lending business is
hurting. Overdue loans skyrocketed last quarter, forcing it to set aside some $281 million to cover loan losses.
That was 37% more than it set aside in the prior quarter.
"We were trying to meet the needs of building contractors who were building single-family homes for those people
who were thinking of retirement," Wilmington Trust Chairman and Chief Executive Donald Foley told analysts in a
conference call Monday. "The Delaware market for that particular type of housing dried up completely."
M&T has the financial strength to absorb the pending losses in Wilmington Trust's commercial lending book,
Robert Wilmers, M&T's chairman and CEO, assured analysts. And it's worth it, he said, because "the strategic fit
between the two firms is unusually compelling."
Page 15 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Buying Wilmington Trust would be a coup for M&T regardless of the seller's troubles, experts said.
"Fee income is a very limited business opportunity. When someone like Wilmington comes along who is very
good at it - I think it's a great acquisition," said Donald J. Musso, president and CEO of FinPro, which advises
community banks on mergers and acquisitions.
And it's an attractive deal financially.
M&T has agreed to pay just $351 million - or $3.84 a share - for Wilmington Trust's 48 branches and $10.4 billion
of assets.
Wilmington Trust's stock closed at $7.11 on Friday, and its book value was more than $1 billion at the end of the
summer. (The stock on Monday finished at $4.21, down 41%.)
If the deal closes as expected in the middle of 2011, M&T would immediately double the amount of fees it collects
advising wealthy people. That means it wouldn't have to rely as much on bumpy revenue streams like mortgage
banking, which gave its earnings a lift last quarter. M&T also would gain access to financial companies and
services businesses all over the country that pay Wilmington Trust for help doing things like registering shares
and keeping track of changes in ownership of its securities.
Those are new customers that M&T, which has $68.2 billion of assets, could sell its corporate banking services.
"Wilmington Trust brings us leading deposit share in a market contiguous to our existing markets," Rene Jones,
M&T's chief financial officer, said Monday in a conference call with analysts. "This transaction brings together two
complementary financial institutions."
Document AMB0000020101102e6b200008
Page 16 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
UPDATE:Wilmington Advisory Business To Keep Brand After M&T Takeover
UPDATE:Wilmington Advisory Business To Keep Brand After M&T Takeover
531 words
1 November 2010
14:01
Dow Jones Business News
DJON
English
(c) 2010 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.
(Adds consultant's comments.)
By Thomas Coyle
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES
Wilmington Trust Corporation's (WL) advisory business will become a Wilmington Trust-branded unit of M&T
Bank (MTB) through M&T's planned takeover of the Wilmington, Del.-based trust company.
Under M&T, Wilmington Trust's Wealth Advisory Services and Corporate Client Services businesses "will
continue to operate under the Wilmington Trust brand, with expanded access to M&T's clients and markets,"
Donald Foley, Wilmington Trust's chairman and chief executive officer, said Monday on a conference call hosted
by M&T and Wilmington Trust.
Because the Wilmington Trust brand is better known than comparable-size rivals due to its retail presence in
Delaware, it may be able to win business from clients who are wary of crisis-soiled Wall Street firms but nervous
about low-profile boutiques, according to Steve Marks of the Boston-based consulting firm SRM Associates.
"In an era when so many of the dominant financial-service brands have grown tarnished, it will be interesting to
see if a smaller brand name with more clout behind it can position itself to say [it's] big enough on the service side
but more intimate with and focused on individual clients," said Marks.
M&T's chairman and chief executive Robert Wilmers seems to agree.
It makes sense to keep the Wilmington Trust branding for its trust, investment and corporate-client services
because they are a match for anything on offer from the largest financial institutions, Wilmers said Monday on the
conference call.
In particular, Buffalo, N.Y.-based M&T expects to benefit from cross sales of Wilmington Trust's advisory services
to M&T's business-banking clients in Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania and upstate New York, he added.
Word of the merger, which is expected to be completed by mid 2011, coincided with the release of Wilmington,
Del.-based Wilmington Trust's third-quarter numbers. The trust company reported a loss, its sixth in a row, of
$4.06 a share as a result of its exposure to bad construction loans in the mid-Atlantic region.
Income from Wilmington Trust's advisory businesses was $92.5 million in its most recent third quarter, down 2%
from the third quarter of 2009. Wilmington Trust's advisory businesses are Wealth Advisory Services, Corporate
Client Services and affiliated asset managers Cramer Rosenthal McGlynn and Roxbury Capital Management.
The company says the 4% year-over-year slide in third-quarter income for its Wealth Advisory Services group
was due to clients moving to lower-fee investment products such as fixed-income and index funds, and because
of a reduced stake in multifamily office Grant Tani Barash & Altman.
Wilmington Trust's commercial-banking division, which accounts for the bulk of its business, will become
M&T-branded branches with a view to making M&T the dominate retail bank in Delaware, as it already is in
Maryland.
-By Thomas Coyle, Dow Jones Newswires; 207-631-4235; thomas.coyle@dowjones.com [ 11-01-10 1401ET ]
Document DJON000020101101e6b10004x
Page 17 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
M&T Says Wilmington Trust Deal Offers New Fee Source, Other Advantages
M&T Says Wilmington Trust Deal Offers New Fee Source, Other Advantages
Matt Monks
548 words
1 November 2010
American Banker Online
AMBO
English
2010 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved.
The chief executive of Wilmington Trust Corp. said Monday that its planned sale to M&T Bank Corp. is "difficult
and painful" but necessary because it has increasingly suffered higher losses from bad construction loans to
Delaware homebuilders.
Worsening loan problems made a ratings downgrade of the Wilmington, Del., company or a regulatory action
against its bank unit increasingly likely, Donald Foley, Wilmington Trust's CEO, told analysts in a conference call
Monday.
"This is a difficult moment," he said.
For its part, Buffalo-based M&T said Wilmington Trust's lucrative wealth management and corporate client
services would bolster its burgeoning trust business.
M&T has the financial strength to absorb what it expects to be about $1 billion of pending losses in Wilmington
Trust's commercial lending book, said Robert Wilmers, M&T's chairman and chief executive, on the call.
The deal would extend M&T into a new market while beefing up its presence in the Mid-Atlantic region, where it is
already a dominant player in Maryland, Wilmers said. It also delivers much-needed fee income at a time when
banks are making less money from loan interest and deposit fees.
"The strategic fit between" the two companies is "unusually compelling," Wilmers said.
M&T will pay $351 million in stock for Wilmington Trust; the deal is expected to close by mid-2011. The $68.2
billion-asset Buffalo company will gain $10.4 billion in assets through the purchase, and it said that the acquisition
should add to earnings in 2012. M&T said in a press release that there is no overlap between its branches and
the 48 branches it will gain from the deal.
M&T also said it would keep the "recognizable and reputable Wilmington Trust brand for all wealth advisory and
corporate services businesses," which will remain based in Delaware. A bigger goal will include introducing those
services to M&T customers in other markets.
"This strategic partnership brings together two institutions that share many common values, and that operate
several distinct but complementary lines of business," Wilmers said in the release. "By leveraging the combined
strengths of both organizations, we are building an even more powerful franchise with strength and stability, scale
and density and top-of-class products and services."
Last year, M&T bought and quickly integrated the $6.5 billion-asset Provident Bankshares Corp. of Baltimore,
adding 135 branches.
Early last month Bloomberg reported that Wilmington Trust was looking for capital from private equity firms, and
more recently reported Wilmington was in talks with two Canadian lenders about a potential buyout.
Wilmington reported a loss of $365.3 million, or $4.06 a share, compared with a prior-year loss of $5.9 million, or
15 cents a share, a year earlier. The latest period included $100.7 million in tax expense.
Revenue increased 14% to $170.3 million on higher noninterest income. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters
most recently forecast $179 million.
The company's loan-loss provisions surged to $281.5 million from $38.7 million a year earlier and $205.2 million
in the second quarter.
Document AMBO000020101102e6b100001
Page 18 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved.
Search Summary
Text Robert Wilmers
Date All Dates
Source All Publications
Author All Authors
Company M&T Bank Corp. And Wilmington Trust Corp.
Subject All Subjects
Industry All Industries
Region All Regions
Language English