Page 1 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Mergers, acquisitions alter balance of power.(ANNUAL REPORT OF RETAIL PHARMACY: DRUG MAKERS) ..........2 
Drugmaker Bristol-Myers starts $16 tender offer for Medarex, part of company transformation ....................................3 
Bristol To Acquire Medarex .............................................................................................................................................4 
UPDATE 1-After Medarex buy, biotech investors ask who's next...................................................................................5 
Corporate News: Bristol To Acquire Medarex .................................................................................................................7 
UPDATE: Bristol-Myers , Wyeth Post Higher 2Q Profits.................................................................................................8 
Drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb says to buy Medarex for $2.1B in cash ....................................................................10 
Bristol-Myers Seen Moving To Next Target After ImClone Loss...................................................................................11

Page 2 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Mergers, acquisitions alter balance of power.(ANNUAL REPORT OF RETAIL PHARMACY: DRUG MAKERS) 
Mergers, acquisitions alter balance of power.(ANNUAL REPORT OF RETAIL PHARMACY: DRUG MAKERS) 
327 words 
3 August 2009 
Chain Drug Review 
CHDR 
114 
ISSN: 0164-9914; Volume 31; Issue 13 
English 
Copyright 2009 Gale Group Inc. All rights reserved. 
NEW YORK -- Whether it is one big pharma company purchasing another or an innovator making an acquisition 
to strengthen its position in the biotech market, consolidation continues to change the pharmaceutical landscape. 
Pfizer Inc. initiated this year's trend with its announcement to acquire Wyeth for an estimated $68 billion. The 
combined company is expected to emerge as one of the most diversified businesses in the international health 
care industry. 
"The combination of Pfizer and Wyeth provides a powerful opportunity to transform our industry," asserts Jeffrey 
Kindler, chief executive officer and chairman of Pfizer. For his part, Wyeth chairman, president and CEO Bernard 
Poussot says the combined company will "accelerate the pursuit of innovative new medicines to meet critical 
unmet patient needs." 
Weeks after that announcement, Merck & Co. said it would buy Schering-Plough Corp. for $41.1 billion. That 
merger will create a new entity that had combined sales in 2008 of nearly $47 billion. 
"We are creating a strong, global health care leader built for sustainable growth and success," stresses Merck 
chairman, president and chief executive officer Richard Clark, who will also lead the new company. 
Schering-Plough chairman and CEO Fred Hassan says the new entity "will be a dynamic leader" in the 
pharmaceutical industry. 
And last month Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. said it was buying Meda rex Inc., positioning Bristol-Myers for long-term 
leadership in biologics. "Medarex' technology platform, people and pipeline provide a strong complement to our 
company's biologics strategy, specifically in immuno-oncology," says James Cornelius, chairman and chief 
executive officer of Bristol-Myers. 
"With its productive and proven antibody discovery capabilities, ability to generate interesting therapeutic 
programs and unique set of preclinical and clinical assets in development, Medarex represents what we're 
looking for in terms of our strategy. This acquisition is another important step in our biopharma transformation." 
COPYRIGHT 2009 Racher Press, Inc. 
Document CHDR000020090818e5830005x

Page 3 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Drugmaker Bristol-Myers starts $16 tender offer for Medarex, part of company transformation 
Drugmaker Bristol-Myers starts $16 tender offer for Medarex, part of company transformation 
By LINDA A. JOHNSON 
AP Business Writer 
329 words 
28 July 2009 
12:01 
Associated Press Newswires 
APRS 
English 
(c) 2009. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. 
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) - Drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. said Tuesday it has begun a cash tender offer to buy 
up shares of biotech company Medarex Inc., the biggest and most important deal by Bristol-Myers in its ongoing 
strategic transformation. 
Last Wednesday, the maker of blood thinner Plavix, the world's second-bestselling medicine, said it will pay $2.1 
billion to acquire Princeton, N.J.-based Medarex. 
That company owns antibody technology used to make biologic drugs that can fight immunologic disorders such 
as rheumatoid arthritis or make the immune system attack cancer cells. Already, it's led to creation of three 
products, for which Medarex receives royalties. 
Medarex also has two dozen of its own drugs in development, including one called ipilimumab for advanced 
melanoma, or skin cancer, now in final-stage human testing. New York-based Bristol-Myers and Medarex have 
been jointly testing that drug. 
Bristol-Myers is offering Medarex stockholders $16 in cash for each share of common stock they turn over, a 90 
percent premium over Medarex's closing price of $8.40 right before the deal was announced. 
The offer expires midnight on Monday, Aug. 24. 
The Medarex board has recommended that stockholders tender their shares. The deal is subject to standard 
closing conditions, including Bristol-Myers obtaining a majority of outstanding Medarex shares. 
The acquisition will be the eighth in the "String of Pearls" program started in December 2007 by Bristol-Myers 
Chief Executive James Cornelius. 
His goal is to acquire biotech drugs, compounds and companies in priority disease areas to transform 
Bristol-Myers from a traditional drugmaker to a biopharmaceutical powerhouse -- before generic competition for 
$5 billion-a-year Plavix cuts company revenue in early 2012. 
In midday trading Tuesday, Bristol-Myers shares fell 30 cents to $21.08, while Medarex shares slipped 1 cent to 
$15.88. 
7
Document APRS000020090728e57s001pw

Page 4 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Bristol To Acquire Medarex 
Bristol To Acquire Medarex 
By Andrew Morse 
313 words 
23 July 2009 
The Wall Street Journal Online 
WSJO 
B3 
English 
Copyright 2009 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. said late Wednesday it had agreed to buy partner Medarex Inc. in a $2.1 billion deal 
that will give the drug giant full access to a promising cancer treatment. 
Bristol-Myers will pay $16 in cash for each share of Medarex, for a total of roughly $2.4 billion. After adjusting for 
the roughly $300 million on Medarex's books, the deal value comes to $2.1 billion. 
The purchase price, which has been agreed on by the boards of both companies, represents a premium of more 
than 90% to Medarex's closing price on Wednesday of $8.40. 
The deal comes as Bristol-Myers pursues a strategy of shedding non-pharmaceutical assets, like wound-care and 
medical-imaging units, and using the proceeds and its cash hoard to build out its pipeline and product portfolio. In 
particular, New York-based Bristol-Myers hopes to expand its portfolio of biotechnology therapies and specialty 
drugs, a goal it says Medarex can help it achieve. 
"Medarex's technology platform, people and pipeline provide a strong complement to our company's biologics 
strategy," Bristol-Myers chairman and chief executive, James Cornelius, said in a statement. 
The effort comes as Bristol-Myers strategizes for the loss of patent protection on one of its big sellers, the 
blood-thinner Plavix. The drug loses patent protection next decade and already is meeting with new competition. 
In buying Princeton, N.J.-based Medarex, Bristol-Myers will be acquiring the treatment ipilimumab, an 
immunotherapy currently in Phase III development. The drug is intended to treat metastatic melanoma, a form of 
skin cancer. 
The drug, which is also being tested in treating lung and prostate cancer, is being jointly developed by the two 
companies. 
Peter Loftus contributed to this article. 
Write to Andrew Morse at andrew.morse@wsj.com 
Document WSJO000020091006e57n008xm

Page 5 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE 1-After Medarex buy, biotech investors ask who's next 
UPDATE 1-After Medarex buy, biotech investors ask who's next 
570 words 
23 July 2009 
09:58 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2009 Reuters Limited 
* Regeneron, Seattle Genetics potential targets - analyst 
* Drugmakers seek companies to fill pipelines 
* Regeneron rises 9 percent; Seattle Genetics up 6.9 pct (Recasts; adds analyst comment, further details, 
background) 
NEW YORK, July 23 (Reuters) - Investors bid up shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc and Seattle Genetics 
Inc on Thursday after Medarex Inc agreed to be acquired by Bristol-Myers Squibb Co at a 90 percent premium. 
Analysts speculated that those two companies, which have similar specialties to Medarex, could be the next to be 
acquired. 
The $2.4 billion deal for antibody technology specialist Medarex, announced late on Wednesday, marked the 
latest in a string of windfalls for biotech investors this year. 
The industry has also seen a wave of out-sized share price gains in 2009 on the back of positive clinical data and 
deals. 
Regeneron was up 9 percent at $19.60 in afternoon trading, while Seattle Genetics was 6.9 percent higher at 
$9.97. 
Like Medarex, both of those companies specialize in monoclonal antibodies. Shares of ImmunoGen , another 
monoclonal antibody specialist, were up 3.9 percent. 
"In the wake of the Medarex acquisition, I see Regeneron as one of the last remaining companies with a true 
(monoclonal antibody) platform that is still stand alone," ThinkEquity analyst Jason Kolbert said. 
Just as Medarex had struck partnership deals, Kolbert said Regeneron has ties to large companies such as 
Bayer and Sanofi-Aventis . 
"They have a great balance sheet, great partnerships with pharma giants," Kolbert said. "It's got all of the same 
ingredients that a Medarex has." 
Regeneron and Seattle Genetics are the most likely next candidates to be acquired, said Mark Monane, an 
analyst at Needham & Co. 
Monane said other characteristics that define likely biotech takeout targets included companies with hematology 
and oncology products, medicines in late-stage development and existing partnerships with other companies. 
Monane said that other companies that could be put in play, although somewhat less likely, include Alexion 
Pharmaceuticals , Allos Therapeutics , AMAG Pharmaceuticals , ArQule , Celldex Therapeutics , Dendreon and 
Poniard Pharmaceuticals . 
Dendreon shares rose 6.6 percent to $24.57 after a source told Reuters the biotech company hired JPMorgan 
Chase as an adviser to help it find an international licensing partner for its prostate cancer vaccine Provenge. 
[ID:nN23224472]

Page 6 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Many other large drugmakers are scrambling to buy promising biotechnology companies to fill their late-stage 
pipelines as they confront generic competition to big-selling products. 
Indeed, Bristol-Myers CEO James Cornelius said the company remains financially able to pursue more deals 
even with the Medarex deal. 
Earlier this month, Johnson & Johnson completed its $930 million purchase of Cougar Biotechnology Inc, just 
days after agreeing to pay $1 billion for an 18 percent stake in Irish drugmaker Elan Corp and to acquire a major 
stake in Elan's portfolio of experimental treatments for Alzheimer's disease. 
Several biotech companies have seen their shares soar this year after surprising investors with positive clinical 
data or regulatory approvals. 
Just this week, Human Genome Sciences shares jumped more than 200 percent after the company announced 
positive data for its experimental lupus drug. 
Dendreon and MAP Pharmaceuticals are among the other companies with positive surprises this year. 
(Reporting by Lewis Krauskopf and Bill Berkrot; Editing by Ted Kerr and Richard Chang) 
BIOTECH/ (UPDATE 1)|LANGEN|ABN|E|RBN|U|UKI|RNP|DNP|PCO 
Document LBA0000020090723e57n001ab

Page 7 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Corporate News: Bristol To Acquire Medarex 
Corporate News: Bristol To Acquire Medarex 
By Andrew Morse 
313 words 
23 July 2009 
The Wall Street Journal 
J
B3 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2009, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. said late Wednesday it had agreed to buy partner Medarex Inc. in a $2.1 billion deal 
that will give the drug giant full access to a promising cancer treatment. 
Bristol-Myers will pay $16 in cash for each share of Medarex, for a total of roughly $2.4 billion. After adjusting for 
the roughly $300 million on Medarex's books, the deal value comes to $2.1 billion. 
The purchase price, which has been agreed on by the boards of both companies, represents a premium of more 
than 90% to Medarex's closing price on Wednesday of $8.40. 
The deal comes as Bristol-Myers pursues a strategy of shedding non-pharmaceutical assets, like wound-care and 
medical-imaging units, and using the proceeds and its cash hoard to build out its pipeline and product portfolio. In 
particular, New York-based Bristol-Myers hopes to expand its portfolio of biotechnology therapies and specialty 
drugs, a goal it says Medarex can help it achieve. 
"Medarex's technology platform, people and pipeline provide a strong complement to our company's biologics 
strategy," Bristol-Myers chairman and chief executive, James Cornelius, said in a statement. 
The effort comes as Bristol-Myers strategizes for the loss of patent protection on one of its big sellers, the 
blood-thinner Plavix. The drug loses patent protection next decade and already is meeting with new competition. 
In buying Princeton, N.J.-based Medarex, Bristol-Myers will be acquiring the treatment ipilimumab, an 
immunotherapy currently in Phase III development. The drug is intended to treat metastatic melanoma, a form of 
skin cancer. 
The drug, which is also being tested in treating lung and prostate cancer, is being jointly developed by the two 
companies. 
--- 
Peter Loftus contributed to this article. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document J000000020090723e57n0003f

Page 8 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE: Bristol-Myers , Wyeth Post Higher 2Q Profits 
UPDATE: Bristol-Myers, Wyeth Post Higher 2Q Profits 
1,098 words 
23 July 2009 
12:51 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(c) 2009 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
(Updates with comment from Bristol-Myers CEO, additional information about Medarex purchase, stock prices.) 
By Peter Loftus 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
Drug makers Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (BMY) and Wyeth (WYE) reported higher second-quarter earnings, helped 
by cost cuts and rising sales of top products, and continued an industry streak of exceeding Wall Street 
expectations. 
Both companies faced headwinds from unfavorable currency-exchange rates, the weak economy and competition 
from cheaper generic drugs. But like some other drug makers this week, Wyeth and Bristol reported 
higher-than-expected earnings and boosted their financial forecasts for full-year 2009. 
Wyeth and Bristol are taking very different strategic directions, though. Wyeth, of Madison, N.J., has agreed to be 
acquired by Pfizer Inc. (PFE) in a deal originally valued at about $68-billion, expected to close by the end of the 
year. 
New York-based Bristol, however, has stayed independent, and late Wednesday announced a $2.4 billion 
purchase of biotechnology-drug developer Medarex Inc. (MEDX), or $2.1 billion net of Medarex's projected cash. 
The deal is designed to advance Bristol's strategy of stocking up on biotech drugs and helping to prepare for the 
loss of market exclusivity for its top-selling drug, the blood thinner Plavix, next decade. 
"This deal is expected to give us increased leadership in the area of biologics," Bristol-Myers Chief Executive 
James Cornelius told analysts on a conference call. "It vastly expands the scope of our pipeline in oncology and 
immunology." 
While some analysts said Medarex's price tag - a 90% premium to its closing share price Wednesday - might be 
viewed as hefty, Medarex has assets including royalty streams that could prove valuable to Bristol, even if the 
acquired experimental drugs don't fully pan out. Johnson & Johnson (JNJ), for example, will pay royalties for its 
use of Medarex technology in two new drugs for psoriasis and rheumatoid arthritis. 
And if Medarex's lead compound, ipilimumab for melanoma, does successfully reach the market, "the deal will 
seem particularly smart," said Credit Suisse analyst Catherine Arnold. Bristol-Myers said it might submit that drug 
for regulatory approval next year - the original planned filing target of 2008 was postponed after Bristol and 
Medarex learned the Food and Drug Administration wanted more data. 
Bristol shares recently rose 42 cents, or 2.07%, to $20.71, while Medarex shares shot up 89% to $15.87. Wyeth 
shares rose 31 cents to $47.17. 
For the three months ended June 30, Bristol said earnings rose 29% to $983 million, or 49 cents a share, from 
$764 million, or 38 cents a share, a year earlier. The latest quarter included charges for Bristol's ongoing 
cost-cutting program and other items; excluding these, earnings were 56 cents a share, well above the 
47-cents-per-share mean estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters. 
Bristol's sales rose 3% to $5.38 billion. Unfavorable currency rates reduced sales growth by about five percentage 
points. Bristol's biggest unit, biopharmaceuticals, had 4% sales growth, while sales for the Mead Johnson 
Nutrition Co. (MJN) nutritionals unit declined 1%.

Page 9 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Bristol posted an 11% increase in sales of Plavix, to $1.54 billion. Bristol co-markets Plavix with Sanofi-Aventis 
SA (SNY) of France. Plavix sales could soon take a hit because Eli Lilly & Co. (LLY) and Daiichi Sankyo Co. 
(4568.TO) are about to launch a competing drug, Effient, in the U.S. Bristol and Sanofi are due to lose U.S. patent 
protection for Plavix in 2012. 
Sales of Bristol's antipsychotic Abilify rose 22% to $643 million, while HIV drug Sustiva had an 11% increase, to 
$312 million. Sales declined for hypertension drugs Avapro and Avalide, and for cancer drug Erbitux. 
Bristol raised its 2009 earnings forecast range, excluding one-time items, to $1.95 to $2.05 a share, from $1.85 to 
$2 per share. The Medarex deal is expected to reduce earnings by 2 cents to 3 cents a share this year. 
For the three months ended June 30, Wyeth had net income of $1.27 billion, or 94 cents a share, versus $1.12 
billion, or 83 cents a share, a year earlier. The latest quarter included charges of $52 million, or 4 cents a share, 
related to a cost-cutting program and merger costs. Excluding these, earnings were 98 cents a share, well ahead 
of the 85-cents-per-share mean estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters. 
Wyeth's sales declined 4% to $5.7 billion from $5.9 billion a year earlier, as a six-percentage point hit from 
unfavorable exchange rates more than wiped out a 2% operational increase. 
A culprit in the overall sales decline was the blockbuster antidepressant Effexor, sales of which plunged 25% to 
$772 million. Wyeth attributed this to increased generic competition outside the U.S. Sales of antibiotic Zosyn and 
hormone therapy Premarin also declined. 
But sales of the Prevnar vaccine, which prevents pneumococcal disease in children, jumped 13% to $783 million, 
continuing its strong growth. Wyeth's sales of arthritis drug Enbrel outside the U.S. and Canada rose 6% to $736 
million, and it booked alliance revenue from the U.S. and Canada of $304 million, up 7%. Wyeth exclusively 
markets Enbrel in many countries outside the U.S. and Canada, and co-promotes within the U.S. and Canada 
with Amgen Inc. (AMGN). 
"The diversity of our businesses has limited our exposure to some of the global market conditions that we see," 
Joseph Mahady, head of Wyeth's pharmaceutical unit, told analysts on a conference call. "And of course 
prudently managing our [spending] has yielded further benefit on the bottom line." 
Wyeth's nutritional sales inched up 1% to $436 million. Sales of Centrum vitamin products and Advil products 
declined in the single digits on a percentage basis. 
Wyeth's takeover by Pfizer is expected to close by the end of the year. Wyeth's shareholders voted in favor of the 
deal Monday and it's still subject to antitrust clearance in the U.S. The European Commission cleared the deal 
last week, conditioned upon the divestiture of certain animal-health assets in Europe because Pfizer and Wyeth 
have overlapping businesses. 
Wyeth raised its full-year earnings view to $3.48 to $3.58 a share, from $3.33 to $3.53 a share, excluding 
one-time items. 
-Peter Loftus; Dow Jones Newswires; 215-656-8289; peter.loftus@dowjones.com 
(Andrew Morse contributed to this article.) [ 07-23-09 1251ET ] 
Document DJ00000020090723e57n000gd

Page 10 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb says to buy Medarex for $2.1B in cash 
Drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb says to buy Medarex for $2.1B in cash 
BY RICHARD JACOBSEN 
AP 
451 words 
22 July 2009 
21:10 
The Canadian Press 
CPR 
English 
(c) 2009 The Canadian Press. All rights reserved. 
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. said Wednesday it is buying Medarex Inc. for about $2.1 billion in cash, the latest in a 
string of biotechnology acquisitions by the drugmaker. 
New York-based Bristol-Myers said it will pay $16 a share for Medarex, based in Princeton, N.J. The price 
represents a 90 per cent premium over Medarex's closing share price Wednesday of $8.40. 
Bristol Myers' CEO James Cornelius said the deal fits into Bristol-Myers' ongoing strategy, under it is seeking to 
transform itself into a biopharmaceutical company by buying biotech drug compounds or companies in priority 
disease areas, while shedding noncore assets. 
Medarex develops drugs that use antibody technology to home in on and attack cancer, inflammation, 
autoimmune and infectious diseases. 
``Medarex's technology platform, people and pipeline provide a strong complement to our company's biologics 
strategy, specifically in immuno-oncology,'' Cornelius said. 
Just last month, shares in Medarex surged after an unusual report that two men in a study of its experimental 
prostate cancer drug had their tumors shrink dramatically. 
Bristol Myers noted that it will acquire full ownership and rights to the drug, ipilimumab, as part of the deal. It said 
the drug, if approved by regulators, could be an important contributor to Bristol-Myers' future growth. 
Bristol-Myers, the world's No. 15 drugmaker by sales, is the maker of blood thinner Plavix, and the psychiatric 
drug Abilify. But the company is facing new competition for both of those blockbusters drugs and could see its 
revenue from them erode. 
The Medarex deal has been approved by both companies' boards and has an aggregate price of about $2.4 
billion. But it includes Medarex's projected $300 million in cash and marketable securities, giving it an implied 
price tag of $2.1 billion, the companies said. 
The deal comes three weeks after Bristol-Myers sold Britain's GlaxoSmithKline PLC its branded generic business 
in the Middle East region for about $23.2 million. 
Last year, Bristol-Myers bought Kosan Biosciences Inc., a Hayward, Calif., company developing novel cancer 
treatments, after earlier licensing a compound for treating heart attacks, and buying a biotech company called 
Adnexus Therapeutics. 
It lost out to Eli Lilly&Co., however, in its bid to buy biotech cancer drug maker ImClone Systems. 
The pharmaceutical industry has seen a rash of deals this year. The Roche Group bought the 44 per cent of 
Genentech Inc. it didn't already own for $47 billion. Pfizer Inc. is buying Wyeth for $64 billion and Merck&Co. is 
buying Schering-Plough Corp. for $43 billion. 
20090722CPCPB5073 
Document CPR0000020090723e57n000d7

Page 11 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Bristol-Myers Seen Moving To Next Target After ImClone Loss 
Bristol-Myers Seen Moving To Next Target After ImClone Loss 
By Peter Loftus 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
968 words 
6 October 2008 
15:09 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(c) 2008 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (BMY) may have lost one pearl, but the drug maker will have $1 billion more to use to 
crack open other oysters in the biotechnology sea. 
Bristol lost out in its effort to acquire ImClone Systems Inc. (IMCL), saying Monday it wouldn't raise its offer to try 
to outbid Eli Lilly & Co. (LLY), which announced a $70-a-share, $6.5 billion agreement to acquire ImClone. 
When Bristol launched in July its bid of $60 a share for the rest of ImClone that it doesn't already own, Bristol 
described it as part of the "string of pearls" strategy it announced in late 2007. This strategy was to make small- to 
medium-sized acquisitions and license deals to beef up Bristol's current and future drug lineup. Bristol is funding 
the strategy partly with proceeds from the sale of non-drug assets. 
Bristol needs the so-called string of pearls to help offset the expected loss of revenue to patent expirations and 
other factors early in the next decade for its current blockbusters. 
Lilly and ImClone Chairman Carl Icahn have prevented Bristol from adding the ImClone pearl, but Bristol's cash 
pile will get about $1 billion bigger through the sale of its minority ImClone stake to Lilly. Bristol is now likely to 
continue its hunt, either through license deals or acquisitions with smaller drug developers. Bristol had about $4 
billion in cash and cash equivalents as of June 30, and in August the company made another $4 billion on the 
sale of its Convatec wound-care business to private-equity firms. 
"I think they will try to do another sizable deal," said Erik Gordon, director of the biomedical industries programs at 
Stevens Institute of Technology in Hoboken, N.J. "They have done lots of little deals. I think we're going to see 
Bristol-Myers go after somebody else in a fairly sizable deal." 
Gordon sees Bristol making another attempt to acquire biotechnology assets, but he also said it's possible Bristol 
would try to combine with another big pharmaceutical company in a deal centered on cost savings. 
Bristol also might use its cash to implement a large stock buyback program, but Gordon doubted whether this 
would be Bristol's only route for use of the cash. 
Bristol didn't specify its next step, but said Monday: "The infusion of approximately $1 billion in additional capital 
puts the company in an excellent position to execute various acquisition scenarios, including company and 
compound acquisitions, licensing agreements, partnerships, etc. We have a very strong new leader of Business 
Development, Jeremy Levin, who has many options under review and we will make the right moves at the right 
time" for Bristol-Myers. 
Shares of Bristol-Myers hit a 12-year low Monday at $18.80 as part of a broader market selloff. The stock recently 
traded at $19.28, down $1.15, or 5.7%. 
Even at the start of the ImClone bid, Bristol had signaled that it would move to the next acquisition target if 
ImClone didn't work out. Chief Executive James Cornelius said in July that Bristol had a "target list of other 
technologies, products and product platforms that would fit Bristol-Myers Squibb." 
For further ammunition, Bristol plans to sell a minority stake in its Mead Johnson nutritionals business in an initial 
public offering.

Page 12 of 12 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Dealmaking Limits 
There are potential limits on Bristol's future dealmaking. For one thing, it has to reserve cash for its relatively high 
dividend. Bristol's dividend yield is about 6.4%, the second highest among large U.S. drug makers behind Pfizer 
Inc. (PFE). Bristol paid out about $2.2 billion in common and preferred share dividends last year. 
Also, the current market turmoil could make it more difficult for Bristol to rely on debt to finance any acquisitions. 
In a sense, Bristol's decision not to continue its pursuit of ImClone signals that its growing cash pile hasn't turned 
the company into a reckless spender. 
"It would have been a very nice fit for Bristol but the high price to be paid makes it a high risk, and Bristol wasn't 
willing to go down that road," said BMO Capital Markets analyst Robert Hazlett. 
Hazlett thinks Bristol is in a "fairly good longer-term strategic position." But the company, between 2011 and 
2013, faces the loss of market exclusivity for current blockbuster Plavix, an anti-clotting drug; Abilify, an 
antipyschotic; and hypertension drug Avapro. Together these drugs accounted for nearly 40% of total company 
revenue last year. 
Hazlett believes Bristol will continue to go after companies developing biotechnology-style drugs for cancer. 
Biotech drugs can command high prices and are less vulnerable to generic competition than traditional 
pharmaceuticals. 
Biotech companies with cancer compounds include Biogen Idec Inc. (BIIB) and Onyx Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
(ONXX). Also, Bristol has an existing partnership with Medarex Inc. (MEDX) to develop a cancer drug. 
Hazlett sees Bristol doing more deals like the one it struck in August with PDL BioPharma Inc. (PDLI), to 
co-develop and co-market a PDL experimental drug for multiple myeloma. 
Bristol itself has been the persistent subject of takeover speculation for much of the last two years. That talk is 
likely to arise from time to time, but some analysts and investors see the prospect as unlikely. For one thing, there 
is the huge "patent cliff" Bristol faces in a few years. Also, Bristol's continued involvement as a sort of limited 
partner in Erbitux makes it a less clean takeover target than if Bristol had owned it outright. 
-By Peter Loftus, Dow Jones Newswires; 215-656-8289; peter.loftus@dowjones.com [ 10-06-08 1509ET ] 
Document DJ00000020081006e4a6000gj 
Search Summary 
Text James Cornelius AND Medarex 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2010 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

