Page 1 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
RPT-INTERVIEW-HP could spend billions in M&A strategy shift ...................................................................................2 
INTERVIEW-HP could spend billions in M&A strategy shift............................................................................................4 
INTERVIEW-HP expects to buy more software companies -CEO..................................................................................6 
Automation central to HP's response to complexity - SPECIAL REPORT - MANAGING TECHNOLOGY.....................7 
UPDATE 4-HP says profit up, sets targets ahead of Street ............................................................................................9 
WSJ UPDATE: H-P Reports Strong 2Q Revenue, Earnings Growth............................................................................11 
HP-Opsware Deal Throws IT Automation Into High Gear -- Automation has been an elusive goal in the data center. 
Acquisitions and better tools... ......................................................................................................................................13 
HP in Dollars 1.6bn Opsware buy. ................................................................................................................................16 
HP Boosts Software In 2 Separate Deals Totalling $1.8 Billion ....................................................................................17 
FT.com site : HP to buy Opsware for $1.6bn. ...............................................................................................................19

Page 2 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
RPT-INTERVIEW-HP could spend billions in M&A strategy shift 
RPT-INTERVIEW-HP could spend billions in M&A strategy shift 
By Jim Finkle 
643 words 
23 November 2007 
09:00 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2007 Reuters Limited 
(Repeats story that ran late on Wednesday) 
BOSTON, Nov 21 (Reuters) - Hewlett-Packard Co will consider spending billions of dollars to buy a software 
company to expand its fastest-growing business, HP software chief Tom Hogan told Reuters in an interview. 
Hogan said he is looking at market leaders in selling data management software and business intelligence 
programs for deals that could play out over the next 12 months, but declined to give specific names. 
HP is building on a mergers and acquisitions strategy that began with last year's $4.5 billion Mercury Interactive 
Corp purchase. Prior to that, the world's largest maker of personal computers aimed to reduce risks by keeping 
M&A fairly small. 
"We will go out and determine who the market leader is," Hogan said in the interview this week. "In some 
segments that could be a $300 million to $500 million company. In some cases it could be a $5 billion to $10 
billion move. But that is what it takes to get the market leader." 
One of the largest makers of data management software is Symantec Corp , which got into the business through 
its Veritas acquisition in 2005. A Symantec spokeswoman declined to comment, saying it never discusses 
speculation on M&A. 
Companies making business-intelligence software -- programs that analyze business trends -- have been hot 
takeover targets this year, with International Business Machines Corp planning to buy Cognos Inc , SAP AG 
buying Business Objects SA and Oracle Corp scooping up Hyperion Solutions Corp. 
Hogan said HP was interested in products that back up and archive e-mail, and save data for compliance. 
"When we have to move, let's go out and find out who the premier, undisputed market leader is. Let's leverage 
our balance sheet, go and write the check. That's a very different acquisition strategy," Hogan said. 
HP's new approach to acquisitions emerged over a series of discussions among senior executives as they 
reviewed the Mercury purchase, he said. The strategy would reduce risk in some areas as the market leaders HP 
plans to pursue will have established credibility, brands and sales channels, he added. 
When HP announced the Mercury deal in July last year, it surprised many analysts and some HP employees 
because the software maker was in the midst of an accounting scandal that led to the ouster of its top 
management. Its financial results had not been audited, raising concerns among investors. 
"There were some lingering lawsuits. There was a lot of baggage," Hogan said. 
But he strongly believed in the products, which companies use to monitor and tweak the performance of other 
software. Rather than wait for Mercury to clean up the mess and risk rival bids, HP Chief Executive Mark Hurd 
backed the purchase. 
"This kind of speaks to 'This is not your grandfather's HP,'" Hogan said. 
So far the deal has paid off. Its results are coming in ahead of what HP had originally projected, Hogan said.

Page 3 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"The whole company and the board watched closely to see how we'd execute. Based on the progress we've got a 
whole lot of flashing green lights to say 'let's be smart, but let's do more,'" he said. 
Hogan said it was unlikely he would be looking at business technology optimization companies like Mercury or 
Opsware Inc, which HP bought for $1.6 billion in September. 
Revenue from that business already accounted for about 80 percent of HP's software revenue and a higher 
proportion of profit. Hogan said he has the right mix of programs in that portfolio and a development team to bring 
out new products. (Editing by Braden Reddall) 
HEWLETTPACKARD/ACQUISITIONS (INTERVIEW, REPEAT)|LANGEN|ABN|E|RBN|U|D|CANT 
Document LBA0000020071123e3bn000w8

Page 4 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
INTERVIEW-HP could spend billions in M&A strategy shift 
INTERVIEW-HP could spend billions in M&A strategy shift 
By Jim Finkle 
634 words 
21 November 2007 
19:53 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2007 Reuters Limited 
BOSTON, Nov 21 (Reuters) - Hewlett-Packard Co will consider spending billions of dollars to buy a software 
company to expand its fastest-growing business, HP software chief Tom Hogan told Reuters in an interview. 
Hogan said he is looking at market leaders in selling data management software and business intelligence 
programs for deals that could play out over the next 12 months, but declined to give specific names. 
HP is building on a mergers and acquisitions strategy that began with last year's $4.5 billion Mercury Interactive 
Corp purchase. Prior to that, the world's largest maker of personal computers aimed to reduce risks by keeping 
M&A fairly small. 
"We will go out and determine who the market leader is," Hogan said in the interview this week. "In some 
segments that could be a $300 million to $500 million company. In some cases it could be a $5 billion to $10 
billion move. But that is what it takes to get the market leader." 
One of the largest makers of data management software is Symantec Corp , which got into the business through 
its Veritas acquisition in 2005. A Symantec spokeswoman declined to comment, saying it never discusses 
speculation on M&A. 
Companies making business-intelligence software -- programs that analyze business trends -- have been hot 
takeover targets this year, with International Business Machines Corp planning to buy Cognos Inc , SAP AG 
buying Business Objects SA and Oracle Corp scooping up Hyperion Solutions Corp. 
Hogan said HP was interested in products that back up and archive e-mail, and save data for compliance. 
"When we have to move, let's go out and find out who the premier, undisputed market leader is. Let's leverage 
our balance sheet, go and write the check. That's a very different acquisition strategy," Hogan said. 
HP's new approach to acquisitions emerged over a series of discussions among senior executives as they 
reviewed the Mercury purchase, he said. The strategy would reduce risk in some areas as the market leaders HP 
plans to pursue will have established credibility, brands and sales channels, he added. 
When HP announced the Mercury deal in July last year, it surprised many analysts and some HP employees 
because the software maker was in the midst of an accounting scandal that led to the ouster of its top 
management. Its financial results had not been audited, raising concerns among investors. 
"There were some lingering lawsuits. There was a lot of baggage," Hogan said. 
But he strongly believed in the products, which companies use to monitor and tweak the performance of other 
software. Rather than wait for Mercury to clean up the mess and risk rival bids, HP Chief Executive Mark Hurd 
backed the purchase. 
"This kind of speaks to 'This is not your grandfather's HP,'" Hogan said. 
So far the deal has paid off. Its results are coming in ahead of what HP had originally projected, Hogan said. 
"The whole company and the board watched closely to see how we'd execute. Based on the progress we've got a 
whole lot of flashing green lights to say 'let's be smart, but let's do more,'" he said.

Page 5 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Hogan said it was unlikely he would be looking at business technology optimization companies like Mercury or 
Opsware Inc, which HP bought for $1.6 billion in September. 
Revenue from that business already accounted for about 80 percent of HP's software revenue and a higher 
proportion of profit. Hogan said he has the right mix of programs in that portfolio and a development team to bring 
out new products. (Editing by Braden Reddall) 
HEWLETTPACKARD/ACQUISITIONS (INTERVIEW)|LANGEN|ABN|E|RBN|U|D|CANT 
Document LBA0000020071122e3bm0001e

Page 6 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
INTERVIEW-HP expects to buy more software companies -CEO 
INTERVIEW-HP expects to buy more software companies -CEO 
187 words 
19 November 2007 
19:12 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2007 Reuters Limited 
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov 19 (Reuters) - Hewlett-Packard Co expects to buy more software companies in addition 
to expanding its software business internally, Chief Executive Mark Hurd said on Monday. 
"We'll continue to be active in the organic R&D (research and development) area in addition to (making) selective 
acquisitions," Hurd told Reuters in an interview after HP reported fiscal fourth quarter earnings. 
HP, the world's largest personal computer maker, recently bought Opsware Inc for about $1.6 billion to bolster its 
business of helping corporate customers manage computer systems. HP has spent about $6.5 billion buying 
software companies in recent years, including Opsware. 
"We're very active in what's defined best as the management software space," including systems management, 
network management, server management and data storage management, Hurd said. "What we try to do is bring 
all these things together. You can see us in the software space continuing in this area." (Reporting by Philipp 
Gollner; Editing by Braden Reddall) 
HEWLETTPACKARD/ACQUISITIONS (INTERVIEW, URGENT)|LANGEN|ABN|E|RBN|U|D 
Document LBA0000020071120e3bk0000q

Page 7 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Automation central to HP's response to complexity - SPECIAL REPORT - MANAGING TECHNOLOGY 
Features 
Automation central to HP's response to complexity - SPECIAL REPORT - MANAGING TECHNOLOGY 
Barbara Gengler 
852 words 
21 August 2007 
The Australian 
AUSTLN 
English 
Copyright 2007 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved 
Software 
Hewlett-Packard's acquisition drive includes the $2.7 billion takeover of automation software firm Opsware 
HEWLETT-PACKARD'S next-generation strategy includes expanding its enterprise IT management software 
business as well as controlling the increasing complexity and cost of managing the data centre. 
As part of its focus on offering a comprehensive software line, HP says it has agreed to purchase data centre 
automation software provider Opsware for about $US1.6 billion ($2.7 billion). 
HP also says it plans to acquire NeoWare for $US214 million to help with its thin-client technology. HP says 
Neoware's client management capabilities will complement Opsware's network and server management tools. 
HP plans to have Opsware chief executive Ben Horowitz lead its business technology optimisation group and 
Opsware will become part of the HP software business. 
Marc Andreessen founded Opsware as Loudcloud in 1999, went public in 2001, and changed its name to 
Opsware in 2002. 
HP officials say combining the technologies of the two companies will enable better IT automation in large, 
enterprise-class data centres. 
HP software senior vice-president Thomas Hogan says the deals are a "coincidence from a timing perspective, 
but there could be some synergy and value between the product lines sold by Opsware and Neoware". 
Hogan says there is very little overlap between Opsware's products and HP's existing line of system 
management tools. 
The move should be seen as part of HP's strategy of becoming a leader in the software sector, particularly in data 
centre management, he says. 
Including the Opsware deal, HP will have spent about $US6.5 billion on business technology optimisation 
software, Hogan says. 
HP says it expects both the Opsware and Neoware deals to close in this year's fiscal fourth quarter, pending 
regulatory and other approvals. 
The company also acquired Mercury Interactive (for $US4.5 billion a year ago) and Peregrine Systems (for 
$US425 million in 2005) as part of its BTO expansion plans. Clay Ryder, an analyst at Sageza Group, says that 
as part of chief executive Mark Hurd's transformation of HP, software has been given an increasingly important 
role in the company. 
"In particular, the new acquisitions, following on the earlier Mercury Interactive and Peregrine Systems purchases, 
also serve to reinforce the software and management mantra of the new HP," he says. 
According to Ryder, the focus of the company on BTO illustrates the desire of the firm to not only provide 
infrastructure but to actively manage it end-to-end across the data centre while also deriving considerable 
business value from the IT investments.

Page 8 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Opsware's focus on automating the data centre -- be it providing servers, networks, storage or other elements, or 
managing the ever-changing topology and business and regulatory requirements -- provides a capability that 
grows in importance as data centres continue to get bigger, Ryder says. 
"While HP continues to excel in raw technology, it is also quite clear that the company understands the value of 
management and alignment with its customers' business operations," Ryder says. 
Pund-IT analyst Charles King says HP's decision to acquire Opsware is more strategic for achieving its 
enterprise software and IT automation ambitions, providing another element following the Peregrine and Mercury 
acquisitions. 
"The deal also reflects a decidedly more aggressive and acquisitive HP under chief executive Mark Hurd, 
particularly regarding enterprise solution development," he said. 
The real question is whether HP's considerable cash outlays ($US6.5-plus billion for the three companies 
mentioned) will be worth the risk, King says. "We believe so." 
"The Opsware acquisition should allow HP to get to market far more quickly than the company would otherwise 
and take advantage of the wave of data centre expansion that many believe is inevitable." 
At the recent HP Technology Forum and Expo, company officials, including executive vice-president Anne 
Livermore, talked about moving the company beyond its traditional roots as a hardware provider to offer more 
software suites, management tools and services. 
She reiterated her comments at this month's LinuxWorld, where she told participants that almost all chief 
executives see the importance of IT to their companies' success but almost none are satisfied that IT is driving 
the business outcomes they want. 
"Every company in the world wants to automate and take out the complexity," she said. 
According to Livermore, IT management software is a market HP has set its sights on. 
"You're going to see us invest like crazy in this area," she said. 
That is a clear indication that there will be more acquisitions to come as the company works towards transforming 
the way customers manage and automate IT. 
Livermore talked about how HP needed to put all of its products, hardware, storage, software and services, into a 
package that enabled more efficient management of the data centre. 
Analysts agree the new focus is a signal that HP intends to compete against similar management tools and 
services provided by rival vendors, such as IBM and Computer Associates. 
[AUS_T-20070821-1-036-424011 ] 
Document AUSTLN0020070820e38l0006y

Page 9 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE 4-HP says profit up, sets targets ahead of Street 
UPDATE 4-HP says profit up, sets targets ahead of Street 
By Daisuke Wakabayashi 
848 words 
16 August 2007 
16:07 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2007 Reuters Limited 
(Adds comments from HP executives, updates share price) 
SEATTLE, Aug 16 (Reuters) - Hewlett-Packard Co. reported on Thursday a 29 percent rise in quarterly profit on 
improving margins from cost cuts and falling component prices, surpassing Wall Street estimates and sending its 
shares up 1 percent. 
The world's largest maker of personal computers and printers also forecast earnings and revenue for its current 
quarter that are ahead of analysts' expectations and fly in the face of growing economic concerns of consumers. 
Palo Alto, California-based HP grabbed the title of top PC maker from Dell last year and is benefiting while its rival 
attempts to revamp and cut costs. 
But HP executives played down expectations for its computer segment, saying it is not realistic to think HP's PC 
sales can keep growing at three times the pace of the overall computer market, which is currently increasing by 
about 10 percent. 
Net income in HP's fiscal third quarter rose to $1.78 billion, or 66 cents per share, from $1.38 billion, or 48 cents 
per share, a year earlier. 
Excluding items, HP earnings came in at 71 cents per share. Revenue in the quarter rose to $25.4 billion from 
$21.9 billion a year earlier. 
Analysts, on average, expected earnings per share before certain items of 66 cents and revenue of $24.1 billion, 
according to Reuters Estimates. 
"HP had an unbelievable quarter. They generated $1 billion in upside in revenues in an environment of nervous 
consumer spending," said Brent Bracelin, an analyst at Pacific Crest Securities. "Very positive results." 
GROWTH MARKETS 
Chief Executive Mark Hurd, who has led a turnaround at HP since his arrival in 2005, said the company also 
cashed in on growth in emerging markets during a quarter that is typically slow. 
HP has benefited along with competitors including Dell Inc. and Apple Inc. from sharp price declines for computer 
memory, disk drives and microprocessors this year amid a supply glut, analysts say. HP also has cut 15,000 jobs 
in the past two years, and is consolidating data centers and selling real estate to cut costs. 
For its fourth quarter, the company forecast net income per share of 75 cents to 76 cents, profit before items of 80 
cents to 81 cents per share, and revenue of $27 billion to $27.2 billion. 
Analysts, on average, expect profit before items of 78 cents per share and revenue of $26.5 billion. 
The upbeat forecast could give a lift to the sector, which has been beaten down by investors in recent days on 
concerns that trouble in the credit markets could spill over to the broader economy and sap technology spending. 
"It's showing that IT spending is not that bad. It's positive for the market because it shows that maybe it's not as 
bad as people think it is," said Shaw Wu, an analyst with American Technology Research, who has a "buy" rating 
on HP.

Page 10 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
FULL POTENTIAL 
Progress in lowering costs is continuing to pay off, Hurd told analysts, but said the profit benefits from falling 
component prices are not sustainable in the future. 
"HP is beginning to show signs of realizing its full potential," Hurd said on a conference call with reporters. 
Third-quarter revenue in HP's personal systems group, which includes PCs, rose 29 percent to $8.9 billion, while 
operating profit was $519 million, or 5.8 percent of revenue, compared with 4.0 percent a year earlier. 
In imaging and printing, one of HP's biggest profit drivers, revenue rose 8 percent to $6.8 billion. The unit's 
operating profit was $981 million, or 14.5 percent of revenue, up from 14.2 percent a year ago. 
Enterprise storage and server revenue climbed 10 percent to $4.5 billion and operating profit was $464 million, or 
10.2 percent of revenue, up from 7.2 percent a year earlier. 
HP's services revenue climbed 8 percent to $4.2 billion and operating profit in the business was $430 million, or 
10.3 percent of revenue, up from 9.4 percent. 
In software, revenue rose 74 percent to $554 million and operating profit was $81 million, helped by last year's 
$4.9 billion acquisition of Mercury Interactive Corp. 
HP said in July it planned to buy software company Opsware Inc. for $1.6 billion to bolster its business of helping 
corporate customers manage computer systems. 
HP shares, up 12 percent in 2007, had closed 0.2 percent lower at $46.05 in regular-session trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange. They were up at $46.50 in after-hours trade. 
Shares of HP trade at 17 times expected 2007 earnings per share, compared with 16 for International Business 
Machines Corp. and Dell's 20. (Additional reporting by Sue Zeidler and Nichola Groom in Los Angeles, Philipp 
Gollner in San Francisco) 
HEWLETTPACKARD-RESULTS/ (UPDATE 4)|LANGEN|ABN|E|U|RBN|D|RNP|DNP|PCO 
Document LBA0000020070816e38g001ur

Page 11 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
WSJ UPDATE: H-P Reports Strong 2Q Revenue, Earnings Growth 
WSJ UPDATE: H-P Reports Strong 2Q Revenue, Earnings Growth 
728 words 
16 August 2007 
17:51 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(c) 2007 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
By Pui-Wing Tam 
Of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL 
SAN FRANCISCO (Dow Jones)-- Hewlett-Packard Co. (HPQ) once again blasted away concerns over whether it 
can grow quickly despite its huge size. 
The Palo Alto, Calif., computer and printer maker posted a 29% jump in net income and a 16% rise in revenue for 
its fiscal third quarter-which is seasonally its weakest-driven particularly by its revitalized personal computer 
business. H-P also raised its revenue and profit outlook for the current quarter, which ends in late October, as 
well as for its full fiscal 2007 year. 
During a conference call, H-P Chief Executive Mark Hurd said the company's revenue growth rate for the quarter 
was the strongest it had been since 2000. He added that H-P had benefited from its global presence and because 
it continues to execute well. "We're continuing to become a more efficient organization," he said. 
The results sent H-P's shares up to $46.50 in after-hours trading from $46.05 at the 4 p.m. market close, despite 
a choppy stock market performance. 
(This story and related background material will be available on The Wall Street Journal Web site, WSJ.com.) 
The quarter's performance was the latest strong showing from H-P, which has faced questions over whether it 
can continue to grow rapidly since it's already so large. The company, which alongside International Business 
Machines Corp. is among the largest information-technology concerns in the world, produces nearly $100 billion 
in revenue a year. 
H-P had previously benefited from a restructuring that Hurd embarked on shortly after his arrival at the company 
in 2005. But even as the restructuring's benefits wane, H-P has been able to produce organic growth, particularly 
from its PC business. 
Indeed, H-P's PC unit's revenue rose 29% from a year earlier, one of the division's strongest growth rates in years 
and above the 24% revenue growth it generated in the prior quarter. The PC business's margins-a measure of 
profitability-also expanded to 5.8% from 4% a year ago. The results are notable since H-P has long competed 
with rival Dell Inc. (DELL) to be the leader in the global PC market and H-P has recently pulled ahead as Dell has 
stumbled. 
The profitability and revenue of the rest of H-P's portfolio also grew across the board, although not to the same 
extent as the PC division. The printer business grew revenue 8%, while the storage and servers business's 
revenue rose 10%, and the services unit's revenue rose 8%. 
Meanwhile the software unit, which is much smaller than the other businesses, saw its revenue increase 74% 
from a year ago. H-P last month announced it was bolstering its software unit by buying software maker Opsware 
Inc. (OPSW) for about $1.65 billion. 
"This is a company that's got all of its businesses doing well, with PCs blowing the doors down," said Toni 
Sacconaghi, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. He noted that H-P has also done well in continuing to keep 
its costs down, with operating expenses over the quarter coming in at 15%, down from 16.7% a year earlier, 
which is helping to boost the company's profitability.

Page 12 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
For the three months ended July 31, H-P had net income of $1.78 billion, or 66 cents a share, up from $1.38 
billion, or 48 cents a share, a year earlier. The company also delivered revenue of $25.4 billion for the quarter, up 
from $21.9 billion a year earlier. 
For the current quarter, H-P projects revenue of $27 billion to $27.2 billion and operating earnings of 80 cents to 
81 cents a share, above Wall Street estimates of revenue of $26.5 billion and operating earnings of 78 cents a 
share. For the full year, H-P is forecasting revenue of $103 billion to $103.2 billion and operating earnings of 
$2.86 to $2.87 a share, above Wall Street views of $101.2 billion in revenue and $2.79 a share in operating 
earnings. 
By Pui-Wing Tam, The Wall Street Journal; 415-765-8238 [ 08-16-07 1751ET ] 
Document DJ00000020070816e38g000k6

Page 13 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
HP-Opsware Deal Throws IT Automation Into High Gear -- Automation has been an elusive goal in the data center. Acquisitions and better tools... 
News Filter 
HP-Opsware Deal Throws IT Automation Into High Gear -- Automation has been an elusive goal in the 
data center. Acquisitions and better tools are changing the outlook. 
Paul McDougall 
1,676 words 
30 July 2007 
InformationWeek 
IWK 
English 
© 2007 CMP Media LLC. All rights reserved. 
When Netscape founder Marc Andreessen launched Loudcloud eight years ago, he hoped to revolutionize IT by 
selling companies computing power on tap. But few CIOs were willing to give up their data centers. 
Andreessen didn't become a Silicon Valley billionaire by ignoring the market. He sold the data center hosting 
business and reshaped Loudcloud into a provider of nuts-and-bolts automation software to help businesses 
manage their own data centers. Last week Hewlett-Packard agreed to buy that company-reincarnated as 
Opsware-for $1.6 billion. 
The deal comes less than a week after systems management vendor BMC bought RealOps, a developer of 
software for automating IT processes, ranging from applying software patches to provisioning servers. 
IT automation is gaining credibility, but it's been a long time coming. The concept's been around since the heyday 
of mainframes, and point products are available from large vendors such as BMC, CA, HP, and IBM, as well as 
from startups such as Opsware, BladeLogic, Opalis, and RealOps. But its impact has been minimal, largely 
because IT departments haven't gotten serious about it. Just 10% of companies use software for automating IT 
changes and configuration management, estimates Tom Hogan, HP's senior VP for software. 
Visa is an example of how companies can change their thinking. Its new data center, which opened last year and 
handles $1 trillion in transactions annually, automates an array of processes centering on incident response and 
failover management. Using its own software and customized tools from vendors, Visa reduced its average time 
to detect and respond to an event like a network circuit going in and out of service from 20 minutes to one minute. 
The system knows what problems to send a person's way. "We've taken 500 alerts that were rolling across a 
technician's screen and reduced them down to 60 actionable events per day," says Rick Knight, senior VP of 
processing operations for Innovant, Visa's IT division. 
Visa now resolves 92% of its networking and data-processing problems at the earliest of three levels of event 
escalation and response. Five years ago, automation was a management concept forced on administrators; now 
it's something the rank and file sees value in. Says Knight, "People have realized it's a way of doing business and 
a way to manage the complexity of the existing IT infrastructure." 
Opsware's line of data center automation products, such as its Server Automation System and Network 
Automation System, offers the promise of smaller IT staffs. Savings also come from fewer mistakes, less 
downtime, and escalating only the toughest problems to IT experts. Getting those returns can mean investing 
$500,000 to $1 million or more in automation software, says IDC analyst Stephen Elliot. 
HP's paying about 16 times annual revenue for Opsware, whose customers include Goldman Sachs, General 
Electric, JPMorgan Chase, and the U.S. Department of Defense. 
Data center automation tools perform a variety of tasks that otherwise require IT grunt work. Some deploy, 
discover, and monitor applications. Others handle software patching, program maintenance, and hardware 
provisioning. In the past, data center automation required a hodgepodge of systems management and related 
tools. Now major vendors are trying to put together full automation portfolios. 
TIME IS RIGHT 
A lot of factors are coming together to drive greater interest in automation, not the least of which are data center 
consolidation and CIOs' nonstop pursuit of new efficiencies. More IT teams are creating standard processes, 
using frameworks such as ITIL, that make IT work easier to automate. Regulatory requirements can push them in

Page 14 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
that direction, too. "If you don't have the processes in place, it's very difficult to buy a tool," says Michael Tainter, 
a practice manager at infrastructure integrator Forsythe. 
Some of the greatest benefits come from eliminating human error and allowing companies to focus IT people on 
strategic business projects rather than routine maintenance, Tainter says. Consolidation of automation tools 
under big system vendors will raise interest, he adds. 
Automation is critical to IT departments trying to break the old 80/20 rule, where 80% of their budgets go to 
maintenance and only 20% toward new, innovative projects. HP CIO Randy Mott has made flipping that ratio a 
goal in revamping HP's internal IT operations. Last year, Mott outlined plans to consolidate 85 HP data centers to 
six and cut HP's IT staff of 19,000 in half. At the time, Mott said he would get there by leveraging data center 
automation tools. HP will use Opsware tools in that effort, Hogan said last week. 
Businesses continue to wheel new servers into their data centers to meet the demands of Web commerce and of 
employees who expect 24/7 information access. Hogan estimates the cost of managing systems is ballooning at 
a rate three times the cost of the hardware itself, with server-to-administrator ratios as low as 10 to 1. 
IT change management-the automation of tasks such as detecting when a software patch is available for a 
server, installing it, and ensuring that downstream systems aren't negatively affected-is the prime market HP is 
going after with Opsware. 
Even among IT-intensive businesses, very few IT operations today could be described as highly automated. 
Complexity and constant change-from acquisitions, new technology, changing business demands-make it nearly 
impossible to put systems on cruise control. That's the case at Brady Corp., a precision manufacturer and printer 
that's doing basic automation such as restarting services that fail. So far, says director of IT Bentley Curran, "We 
haven't been able to achieve the benefits that automation has promised. Hopefully this will change in the future." 
Brady is exploring more sophisticated options. 
PUSH IS ON 
BMC chief technology officer Tom Bishop sees opportunity in all this-and "a sign of desperation" that HP paid so 
dearly to get into the market. BMC, which didn't disclose what it paid for RealOps, also recently bought incident 
management specialist ProactiveNet. "We have a number of the pieces already that HP was trying to acquire," 
says Bishop. 
Yet BMC needs to plug holes in its portfolio to compete in a market consolidating around a few large vendors, 
Bishop concedes. Specifically, it needs storage management and network management products. 
HP bolstered its infrastructure management lineup by acquiring Peregrine Systems for $425 million in 2005 and 
Mercury Interactive for $4.5 billion last year. CA's flagship Unicenter systems management platform includes tools 
for automating notification and problem escalation. 
IBM's Tivoli data center management products are moving in the same direction. Tivoli's Provisioning Manager 
automates the provisioning of servers and virtual servers. Its Tivoli Monitoring optimizes the performance and 
availability of a business' entire IT infrastructure through a single portal. And its Virtualization Manager lets 
administrators discover, visualize, and manage both physical and virtual servers. IBM acquired Micromuse in 
2005 for network management automation and MRO Software last year for asset and facilities management tools. 
IBM is adding vertical extensions to Tivoli products. "Automation is becoming very industry specific," says Chris 
O'Connor, Tivoli's VP of strategy and marketing. For example, National Australia Group UK, a financial services 
company, uses a tailored version of Tivoli Access Manager to authenticate employee access to its mortgage 
application process and generate an audit trail, thus automating reporting for compliance. 
IT services companies see themselves well placed to help customers put data centers on autopilot, choosing from 
the range of products. "We're able to take a holistic approach," says Ray Cline, VP for infrastructure services at 
EDS. 
EDS uses Opsware for server provisioning and management and, as a result of a deal set to expire early next 
year, is Opsware's largest customer, accounting for about 20% of Opsware's $102 million in 2006 sales. There's 
a chance EDS will drop Opsware now that it's in the hands of HP, which competes with EDS in outsourcing. "In 
the normal course of business we will be looking at and reassessing that agreement," Cline says. 
EDS may take a closer look at automation technologies in Microsoft's Systems Management Server and 
Operations Manager as an alternative, Cline says. But Microsoft can't fully replace Opsware at EDS, as its tools

Page 15 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
are designed first and foremost for monitoring Microsoft products. Cline also thinks there's a complication many 
technology professionals don't see coming as they move forward with data center automation: server 
virtualization, which many companies are using for server consolidation. Though automation vendors promise to 
make virtualization easier, Cline contends "it's still not possible to introduce a high level of automation into a 
virtualized environment." 
Yet it's clear that some of the obstacles that have stood in the way of automation are falling. HP is recommitted to 
its software business, and automation will play a key part. With the Opsware deal, HP will have made well over 
$6 billion in software acquisitions under CEO Mark Hurd. (It agreed to buy Neoware, a thin client systems 
vendor, for $214 million last week.) 
Another sign that HP sees a central role for automation: Opsware CEO Ben Horowitz will head HP's Business 
Technology Optimization group, which includes the Mercury Interactive assets. 
IT leaders have reason to hope HP, IBM, BMC, and others can deliver on this vision for automating common IT 
operations. Automation may never be the "lights out," staff-free data center some envision, but it's looking like a 
more practical option than ever before. -with Richard Martin and Chris Murphy 
Write to Paul McDougall at paulmcd@cmp.com. 
--- 
OPSWARE REVIEW 
Opsware and two key competitors: nwc.com/go/itautomation 
IS HP SERIOUS? 
It's been in and out of software: informationweek.com/1125/hp.htm 
SPEED OF LIGHT 
Wall Street's data processing dream: informationweek.com/1135/data.htm 
Document IWK0000020070801e37u0000t

Page 16 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
HP in Dollars 1.6bn Opsware buy. 
COMPANIES THE AMERICAS 
HP in Dollars 1.6bn Opsware buy. 
By RICHARD WATERS 
294 words 
24 July 2007 
Financial Times 
FTFT 
London Ed1 
Page 26 
English 
(c) 2007 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
Hewlett-Packard has extended its spate of software acquisitions with the Dollars 1.6bn purchase of Opsware, 
whose software is used to automate the operations of corporate datacentres. 
The all-cash deal comes a year after its Dollars 4.6bn purchase of Mercury Interactive, HP's first big acquisition 
since Mark Hurd took over as chief executive. 
HP's software business contributes only an estimated 4 per cent to its revenues, with about half of that coming 
from its HP Software division, which specialises in business technology optimisation and other high-growth parts 
of the business. 
By comparison, IBM, which has also stepped up software acquisitions over the past year, generated about 20 per 
cent of its revenues in the most recent quarter, with just over half coming from its high-growth "middleware" 
products. 
HP and IBM get the rest of their software sales from maintenance associated with older software products that 
are no longer showing growth, such as their Unix-based operating systems. 
While Opsware's revenues stand at only an annualised Dollars 100m, the high growth and profit margins in this 
part of the software business mean deals like this will eventually show through in HP's overall growth rate and 
margins, said Thomas Hogan, head of HP Software. 
The business was strategically significant for HP, he suggested, since having software that reduces the risk, 
complexity and cost of running datacentres put it in a strong position to sell other software and technology 
products to big corporate customers. 
HP has agreed to pay Dollars 14.25 a share in cash for Opsware, a 39 per cent premium over its closing price at 
the end of last week. 
20070724L126.063 
Document FTFT000020070724e37o0003w

Page 17 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
HP Boosts Software In 2 Separate Deals Totalling $1.8 Billion 
Internet & Technology 
HP Boosts Software In 2 Separate Deals Totalling $1.8 Billion 
BRIAN WOMACK 
752 words 
23 July 2007 
Investor's Business Daily 
INVDAI 
English 
(c) 2007 Investor's Business Daily 
Hewlett-Packard announced two software-focused acquisitions Monday in all-cash deals totaling more than $1.8 
billion, signaling once again its plans for a future beyond hardware and services. 
The Palo Alto, Calif., computer and printer maker is shelling out $1.6 billion for software maker Ops-ware (OPSW) 
, which helps automate data center management chores. 
And in a separate purchase, HP (HPQ) will pay $214 mil for Neoware (NWRE) , a company that makes software 
for so-called "thin-client" computers. 
HP shares rose during the day Monday but closed slightly lower at 48.43. 
Executives say Opsware will strengthen HP's business software offerings. Opsware is perhaps most well-known 
for its chairman, Marc Andreessen, who helped popularize the Internet by co-founding Netscape 
Communications. 
HP expects the deal to close by the end of October. 
The Opsware acquisition is HP's third largest, coming roughly a year since the company announced its $4.9 
billion purchase of Mercury Interactive, which closed late last year. All told, the company will have spent about 
$6.5 billion on software companies in the past few years. 
HP has put more focus on software under the leadership of CEO Mark Hurd, who's led the company's turnaround 
since early 2005. Software has fatter margins and can drive hardware sales. Having a software portfolio also 
helps HP compete against archrival IBM, whose earnings have mushroomed after several software acquisitions 
the past few years. 
"A server is just an aggregation of glass and metal," said Tom Hogan, senior vice president of HP's software 
business. "It doesn't do anything without software. Software is the secret sauce that brings all the infrastructure to 
life. We think it's the foundation of value." 
Gross margins for software operations can be 80% or more, says Daniel Renouard, an analyst with R.W. Baird. 
Higher-end servers, by contrast, can push 40%. 
Software is a sliver of HP's overall sales -- just 2% last quarter. But its contribution to earnings was about four 
times that in April. 
Mercury Interactive, which helps companies with applications development, was a big part of that. 
But the Opsware deal wasn't cheap. HP paid roughly eight times revenue estimates for next year. Renouard, who 
rates HP's stock outperform, says software deals typically fall between five and six times annual sales. 
He says the benefit to earnings might not show up until 2009 -- but he still likes the deal. 
"Long term I think there is a lot more about revenue growth here," said Renouard, adding that the software could 
help boost sales of HP's hardware. 
Price wasn't a big concern, HP executives say. 
"You get what you pay for," Hogan said. "If we can't get there fast enough or don't have the core expertise, then 
we'll leverage HP's balance sheet."

Page 18 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Opsware specializes in automating many of the laborious jobs that keep data center managers busy, including 
adding server software to the system or upgrading a server's software, among many other tasks. 
That complements other HP software such as OpenView, which alerts technology managers to problems in a 
network, HP officials say. 
Ben Horowitz, chief executive of Opsware, says automation cuts labor costs, a key expense for today's data 
centers. He estimates companies spend twice the amount on labor as they do on hardware in today's data 
centers, a reversal from just 10 years ago. 
Horowitz met Andreessen in the 1990s, when both were at Netscape. 
They went on to start LoudCloud in 1999 before focusing on software alone and becoming Opsware. The 
company hit its stride in 2005, growing sales by 60% or more annually for three years, though it has struggled to 
stay profitable. 
Rick Hanna, an analyst at Morningstar, says HP should charge up Opsware's performance so far. 
"They can use the HP sales infrastructure," said Hanna, who has what amounts to a hold rating on the stock. 
"They were in the process of building that. That's why they were unprofitable." 
With Neoware, HP gets a No. 3 market player in thin clients, putting it close to market-share leader Wyse 
Technology, a privately held company, says Bob O'Donnell, an analyst with IDC. 
Thin clients are stripped down PC replacements that get much of their computing power from centralized servers. 
This helps companies more tightly manage and monitor user computing devices. 
Document INVDAI0020070724e37n0000p

Page 19 of 19 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
FT.com site : HP to buy Opsware for $1.6bn. 
FT.com site : HP to buy Opsware for $1.6bn. 
Richard Waters in San Francisco 
291 words 
23 July 2007 
Financial Times (FT.Com) 
FTCOM 
English 
(c) 2007 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 
Hewlett-Packard has extended its spate of software acquisitions with the $1.6bn purchase of Opsware, whose 
software is used to automate the operations of corporate datacentres. 
The all-cash deal comes a year after its $4.6bn purchase of Mercury Interactive, HP's first big acquisition since 
Mark Hurd took over as chief executive. 
HP's software business contributes only an estimated 4 per cent to its revenues, with about half of that coming 
from its HP Software division, which specialises in business technology optimisation and other high-growth parts 
of the business. 
By comparison, IBM, which has also stepped up software acquisitions over the past year, generated about 20 per 
cent of its revenues in the most recent quarter, with just over half coming from its high-growth "middleware" 
products. 
HP and IBM get the rest of their software sales from maintenance associated with older software products that 
are no longer showing growth, such as their Unix-based operating systems. 
While Opsware's revenues stand at only an annualised $100m, the high growth and profit margins in this part of 
the software business mean deals like this will eventually show through in HP's overall growth rate and margins, 
said Thomas Hogan, head of HP Software. 
The business was strategically significant for HP, he suggested, since having software that reduces the risk, 
complexity and cost of running datacentres put it in a strong position to sell other software and technology 
products to big corporate customers. 
HP has agreed to pay $14.25 a share in cash for Opsware, a 39 per cent premium over its closing price at the 
end of last week. 
57531789 
Document FTCOM00020070724e37n00039 
Search Summary 
Text Mark Hurd AND Opsware 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2008 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Hewlett-Packard Co. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

