Page 1 of 3 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
2Q Earnings: PNC: With Sterling Deal, PNC Continues to Embrace Risk......................................................................2

Page 2 of 3 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
2Q Earnings: PNC: With Sterling Deal, PNC Continues to Embrace Risk 
Markets 
2Q Earnings: PNC: With Sterling Deal, PNC Continues to Embrace Risk 
By Tim Mazzucca 
839 words 
20 July 2007 
American Banker 
AMB 
English 
(c) 2007 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. 
In upstaging its own second-quarter earnings report on Thursday with the announcement of its deal to buy 
Sterling Financial Corp. of Lancaster, Pa., PNC Financial Services Group Inc. continues to demonstrate a strong 
stomach for risk. 
PNC, of Pittsburgh, said it would pay $565 million for the $3.3 billion-asset Sterling, which has 67 branches in 
Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Delaware. Sterling's future as an independent company had been in question since 
May, when it said it would book charges of $145 million to $165 million related to a scheme to hide credit losses 
in its equipment leasing unit. 
The deal for Sterling, which has 67 branches, follows PNC's agreement in June to pay $408 million for Yardville 
National Bancorp in Hamilton, N.J., which has $3 billion of assets and has been slowed recently in its efforts to 
improve its performance by a dispute involving a shareholder seeking to overhaul the company's board. 
James E. Rohr, PNC's chairman and chief executive, said in a conference call with analysts that the deals bring 
two different natures of risk. Since Yardville and PNC directly compete in the central New Jersey market, the risk 
that exists in that deal hinges primarily on executing and retaining customers. 
However, with Sterling, PNC could inherit shareholder lawsuits related to the fraud in the seller's leasing 
company. 
"I think we've got a good idea, a good handle on how to manage them," Mr. Rohr said. "We've done those kinds 
of things before, with Riggs, obviously, being much more significant than this." 
PNC bought Riggs National Corp. of Washington in May 2005 after regulators had found Riggs to have major 
deficiencies in its anti-money-laundering compliance. 
Investors had been alerted that Sterling was considering a sale when it hired an investment bank in June after 
leasing problems arose in April. Joseph C. Guyaux, the president and head of consumer businesses at the 
$125.7 billion-asset PNC, underlined in an interview Thursday that the leasing problems were set apart from the 
larger business at Sterling. 
"The fraud was really isolated in the leasing company and operated separate from the bank ... ," Mr. Guyaux said. 
"Quite frankly, even if that leasing company had been working well, if we bought them we might've gotten rid of 
them anyhow, because it wouldn't have had a strategic fit with our business." Sterling has already begun the 
process of unwinding the leasing business. 
PNC on Thursday said it earned $423 million in the second quarter, or $1.22 a share. Its net income fell 7.8% 
from the first quarter but rose 11% from a year earlier. Earnings per share fell 14 cents short of the average 
analyst estimate, according to Thomson Financial. 
"While I'm disappointed that this is less than I had hoped, the shortfall is attributed to our private-equity and 
trading areas," Mr. Rohr said. 
The company's loan portfolio rose 28% from a year earlier, to $64.7 billion, thanks in large part to its March 
acquisition of Mercantile Bankshares Corp. of Baltimore, which added nearly $18 billion of assets. Core deposits 
of $77.2 billion rose 21.6% from a year earlier.

Page 3 of 3 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Speculation had pegged M&T Bank Corp. of Buffalo as a potential Sterling buyer after it extended an $80 million 
loan to the company. However, M&T announced its own deal Thursday for an upstate New York bank. PNC's 
price of $565 million in cash and stock for Sterling is about $19 a share, or 80% above the $10.55 price of 
Sterling's shares as of Wednesday. 
Matthew Schultheis, an analyst with Ferris, Baker Watts Inc., wrote in a research note that the price for Sterling is 
"at the high end of the range for deals done in the Mid-Atlantic." 
However, PNC said the Sterling and Yardville deeals each have a 15% internal rate of return. To justify them 
further, PNC said in June that buying Yardville would give it the top deposit market share in "three of New 
Jersey's wealthiest counties." With Sterling, PNC said it would have the largest market share in central 
Pennsylvania. 
"We finally have enough critical mass of market share in central Pennsylvania to really leverage that - from both a 
revenue and a cost standpoint - to add growth to our firm," Mr. Guyaux said. 
When asked why PNC wouldn't simply build the business itself, Mr. Guyaux said: "I would go de novo before I 
would overpay for something or do something stupid. We're not that desperate to acquire something. Look, we've 
had it targeted for three years. We could've waited a little bit longer." PNC expects to close the Sterling deal in the 
first quarter and the Yardville deal by the end of this year. 
(c) 2007 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All Rights Reserved. http://www.americanbanker.com/ 
http://www.sourcemedia.com/ 
Document AMB0000020070720e37k0000q 
Search Summary 
Text Rohr AND Sterling Financial 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2008 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

