Page 1 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Acquisition approved; Fronteer Gold shareholders sign off on deal with Newmont ........................................................2 
Newmont to expand in Nevada; Acquisition of Fronteer Gold will add to companies assets..........................................3 
Fronteer Agrees to Friendly Acquisition by Newmont .....................................................................................................4 
Newmont acquires Fronteer shares: ...............................................................................................................................6 
Newmont Expands Nevada Growth Potential With Acquisition of Fronteer Gold ...........................................................7 
Newmont acquires Fronteer Gold for $2.3-bn .................................................................................................................9 
Newmont to buy gold miner...........................................................................................................................................11 
Two miners can savour pot of gold; Newmont and Fronteer measure spoils of $2.3-billion deal .................................12 
Newmont Mining agrees to buy Fronteer Gold; Deal includes promising Nevada gold project ....................................14 
Newmont Expands Nevada Growth Potential with Acquisition of Fronteer Gold ..........................................................15 
Corporate News: Corporate Watch ...............................................................................................................................18 
Newmont targets growth with Fronteer; U.S. miner says $2.3-billion acquisition of Vancouver-based company driven 
by its potential for future... .............................................................................................................................................20 
Newmont buys Fronteer for $2.3B; Gold in Nevada......................................................................................................22 
Newmont to Buy Gold Miner in $2.32 Billion Deal.........................................................................................................24 
MERGER: Newmont eyes Fronteer Gold for expansion in Nevada..............................................................................26 
Newmont to buy Fronteer for $2.3-billion; U.S. mining giant looks to expand asset base in rich gold producing region 
of Nevada by acquiring..................................................................................................................................................27 
UPDATE: Newmont Plans C$2.3B Offer For Canada's Fronteer Gold .........................................................................29

Page 2 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Acquisition approved; Fronteer Gold shareholders sign off on deal with Newmont 
Canada 
Acquisition approved; Fronteer Gold shareholders sign off on deal with Newmont 
352 words 
1 May 2011 
Mining Engineering 
QQMNG 
43 
Volume 63; Issue 5; ISSN: 00265187 
English 
© 2011 Mining Engineering. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All rights Reserved. 
THE $2.3 BILLION cash and stock acquisition of Fronteer Gold Inc. by Newmont Mining Corp. was approved by 
Fronteer Gold shareholders. The deal was expected to close by April 6. subject to Canadian court approval. 
Votes representing 99.7 percent of Fronteer shares were cast in favor of the deal, the company said. 
With the acquisition, Newmont. the largest U.S. gold producer, gets new assets close to its existing operations in 
Nevada. 
Vancouver, British Columbiabased Fronteer owns the earlystage Long Canyon mining project about 160 km (100 
miles) from Newmont's Nevada operations. It also has a second mining project, Northumberland, in Nevada and 
is in a joint venture with Newmont on a third Nevada project named Sandman. 
Newmont said it has agreed to a "plan of arrangement" in which Fronteer shareholders will receive US$14.13 in 
cash and one share in a new company called Pilot Gold, which will own some of what are now Fronteer's assets 
in Nevada, Turkey and Peru, for each share of Fronteer they now hold. 
Fronteer shareholders will wind up with 80.1 percent of Pilot Gold and Newmont will own the remainder. Pilot 
Gold will have capital of about $10.1 million in cash when the deal is closed, the announcement said. 
"The acquisition of Fronteer Gold will contribute significantly to our anticipated growth profile in North America," 
said Richard O'Brien, Newmont's president and chief executive officer, when the deal was announced last 
month. 
Newmont's Nevada operations in 2010 produced about 52.8 1 (1.7 million oz) gold, about one-third of the global 
company's total of 167.4 t (5.4 million oz) during the year. Its operations in the state extend across more than 
809.000 hm2 (2 million acres) and includes six openpit mines, five underground mines and nine processing 
facilities. 
With the acquisition, Newmont, the largest U.S. gold producer, gets new assets close to its existing operations in 
Nevada. 
Copyright Society for Mining, Metallurgy, and Exploration, Inc. May 2011 
Document QQMNG00020110524e7510000f

Page 3 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Newmont to expand in Nevada; Acquisition of Fronteer Gold will add to companies assets 
Industry Newswatch 
Newmont to expand in Nevada; Acquisition of Fronteer Gold will add to companies assets 
533 words 
1 March 2011 
Mining Engineering 
QQMNG 
26 
Volume 63; Issue 3; ISSN: 00265187 
English 
© 2011 Mining Engineering. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All rights Reserved. 
NEWMONT MINING Corp. will expand its growth potential in Nevada with the acquisition of Fronteer Gold Inc. 
for C$2.3 billion. 
Denver, CO-based Newmont said it is offering to pay $14/share in cash and one share in a new company to be 
called Pilot Gold, which will own Fronteer's exploration assets. 
Fronteer Gold owns a 100-percent interest in the development-stage Long Canyon project, which is located 
approximately 161 km (100 miles) from Newmont's existing infrastructure in Nevada. The proximity of Long 
Canyon to Newmont's Nevada operations provides the potential for significant development and operating 
synergies. Fronteer Gold also owns a 100-percent interest in the Northumberland project and a joint venture 
interest with Newmont in the Sandman project in Nevada, among other assets. Fronteer Gold has total 
attributable measured and indicated gold resources of 131 1 (4.2 million oz) and inferred resources of 52.9 1 (1.7 
million oz) at Long Canyon, Northumberland and Sandman. 
Pilot Gold will own a portfolio of Fronteer Gold's exploration properties in Nevada, Turkey and Peru and will be 
capitalized at closing with $10 million of cash. Upon closing of the transaction, Fronteer Gold shareholders will 
hold an aggregate 80.1 percent interest in Pilot Gold, and Newmont will hold the remaining 19.9 percent interest. 
As part of the plan of arrangement, the Pilot Gold common shares will be consolidated on a one-for-four basis, 
Newmont said in a statement. 
"The acquisition of Fronteer Gold will contribute significantly to our anticipated growth profile in North America," 
said Richard O'Brien, Newmont's president and chief executive officer. "The Long Canyon project, with its Carlin 
Trendlike metallurgical and geological characteristics, complements our existing project pipeline in Nevada. This 
combination of assets will allow Newmont to leverage our expertise and extensive infrastructure in the region. 
Based on the work conducted to date by Fronteer Gold, as well as our own due diligence, we believe that Long 
Canyon holds the potential to grow beyond three to four times Fronteer Gold's current stated resource estimate, 
with an attractive average gold grade of approximately 2.3 g/t (0.07 oz/st). Additionally, we believe that Fronteer 
Gold's wider portfolio of assets offers further upside potential for our portfolio." 
"This transaction delivers an immediate and attractive premium to our shareholders," Fronteer Gold CEO Mark 
O'Dea said. 
"It not only recognizes the current value of our key Nevada gold projects, but rewards shareholders for their future 
growth ...We welcome Newmont as our largest shareholder in Pilot Gold and we look forward to creating ongoing 
value for shareholders in the near-term." 
The deal requires agreement from at least 66.6 percent of Fronteer shareholders at a vote expected to be held in 
April, as well as court and regulatory approvals. The agreement includes an $85-million break fee and gives 
Newmont a right to match any competing offers that may arise. 
Fronteer's board has voted unanimously in favor of the deal. 
Copyright Society for Mining, Metallurgy, and Exploration, Inc. Mar 2011 
Document QQMNG00020110325e73100006

Page 4 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Fronteer Agrees to Friendly Acquisition by Newmont 
NEWS-LEADING DEVELOPMENTS 
Fronteer Agrees to Friendly Acquisition by Newmont 
794 words 
1 March 2011 
Engineering & Mining Journal 
EMJN 
5
Volume 212; Issue 2; ISSN: 00958948 
English 
Copyright (c) 2011 Engineering & Mining Journal. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All rights 
Reserved. 
Newmont Mining and Fronteer Gold announced an agreement in early February 2011 pursuant to which 
Newmont will acquire all of the outstanding common shares of Fronteer. Fronteer shareholders will receive C$14 
in cash and one common share in a new company, Pilot Gold, which will own certain exploration assets of 
Fronteer, for each common share of Fronteer. The cash consideration values Fronteer at about C$2.3 billion, 
excluding Pilot Gold. 
Implementation of the transaction is subject to approval by at least 66-2/3% of the votes cast at a special meeting 
of Fronteer shareholders expected to be held in early April 2011. The companies anticipate the transaction, if 
approved by Fronteer's shareholders, will be completed in the second quarter of 2011. 
Fronteer Gold owns a 100% interest in the development-stage Long Canyon gold project in the Pequop 
mountains in eastern Elko county Nevada, about 100 miles east of existing Newmont mines and infrastructure. 
The proximity of Long Canyon to these Newmont operations provides the potential for valuable development and 
operating synergies. Fronteer also owns a 100% interest in its Northumberland project in Nye County, Nevada, 
and a joint venture-interest with Newmont in the Sandman project in Humboldt County, Nevada, among other 
assets. 
Fronteer has total combined attributable measured and indicated gold resources of 4.2 million oz and inferred 
resources of 1.7 million oz at Long Canyon, Northumberland and Sandman. 
"The Long Canyon project, with its Carlin trend-like metallurgical and geological characteristics, complements our 
existing project pipeline in Nevada," Newmont President and CEO Richard O'Brien said. "Based on the work 
conducted to date by Fronteer Gold, as well as our own due diligence, we believe Long Canyon holds the 
potential to grow beyond three to four times Fronteer Gold's current stated resource estimate, with an attractive 
average gold grade of approximately 2.3 g/mt." 
Drilling at Long Canyon has defined a mineral trend that features shallow, high-grade, oxidized gold 
mineralization and remains open in all directions. To date, the Long Canyon work program has extended 
mineralization 3 km along trend and across multiple zones, with a footprint up to 600 m in width. The actual length 
of the trend may exceed 10 km. 
As of January 2011, Long Canyon resources at a cut-off grade of 0.2 g/mt consisted of 1.4 miilion oz measured 
and indicated at an average grade of 2.36 g/mt gold and 803,000 oz inferred at an average grade of 2.24 g/mt 
gold. Newmont expects to spend $11 million on exploration at Long Canyon during 2011. 
Fronteer's Northumberland project is based on a past-producing property located just north of the Barrick-Kinross 
Round Mountain gold mine in Nye County. Currently, the project has an indicated resource of 36.5 million mt 
grading 1.92 g/mt gold (2.3 million oz) and an additional inferred resource of 6.9 million mt grading 3.49 g/mt gold 
(776,000 oz). Approximately 20% of the gold ounces are oxide, with the balance comprising transitional or 
sulphide material. 
Since 2009, Fronteer has been drilling new target areas in the western portion of the Northumberland deposit and 
has intersected multiple intervals of high-grade gold. Construction of a 280-m-long decline to access high-grade 
mineralization within the deposit was scheduled for completion in early 2011. The decline will provide access for

Page 5 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
evaluating controls on high-grade mineralization and for conducting underground definition drilling and bulk 
sampling. 
The Sandman project is located about 13 miles west of Winnemucca, Nevada, and consists of 24,440 acres of 
claims and private mineral rights. The property has five identified gold deposits that are near-surface and 
potentially amenable to open-pit mining. The property is within trucking distance of Newmont's Twin Creeks mine, 
potentially eliminating the need for a stand-alone milling facility and other significant capital expenditures if the 
project proceeds to production. 
Pilot Gold will own a portfolio of Fronteer's exploration properties in Nevada, Turkey and Peru. Upon closing of 
Newmont's acquisition of Fronteer, Fronteer shareholders will hold an aggregate 80.1% interest in Pilot Gold, and 
Newmont will hold the remaining 19.9% interest. 
Copyright Mining Media, Inc. Mar 2011 
Document EMJN000020110427e73100004

Page 6 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Newmont acquires Fronteer shares: 
Elsewhere in precious metals... 
Newmont acquires Fronteer shares: 
Staff 
179 words 
7 February 2011 
Metals Week 
MW 
ISSN: 1076-3937, Volume 82, Issue 6 
English 
(c) 2011 McGraw-Hill, Inc. 
US gold mining giant Newmont Mining announced last week it would acquire all outstanding shares of Canadian 
gold exploration company Fronteer Gold under a mutual agreement. Under the agreement Fronteer 
shareholders will receive C$14 cash ($14) and one common share in Pilot Gold for each Fronteer share, which 
will own certain exploration assets for Fronteer, Newmont said. Fronteer owns the development-stage Long 
Canyon project, located nearly 100 miles from Newmont's existing infrastructure in Nevada. "Newmont shares our 
view that Long Canyon, our flagship project, is a 'best-in-class' asset with excellent production attributes and 
significant growth potential," Fronteer President and CEO Mark O'Dea said. 
Newmont President and CEO Richard O'Brien added that "based on the work conducted to date by Fronteer 
Gold, as well as our own due diligence, we believe that Long Canyon holds the potential to grow beyond three to 
four times Fronteer Gold's current stated resource estimate, with an attractive average gold grade of 
approximately 2.3 g/mt." 
Staff 
Document MW00000020110307e72700011

Page 7 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Newmont Expands Nevada Growth Potential With Acquisition of Fronteer Gold 
News 
Newmont Expands Nevada Growth Potential With Acquisition of Fronteer Gold 
Staff Reporter 
1,154 words 
7 February 2011 
Plus News Pakistan 
PMPLUN 
English 
© 2011. Plus Media Solutions Pakistan 
Karachi: Newmont Mining Corporation (NYSE: NEM) ("Newmont" or "the Company") and Fronteer Gold Inc. 
(TSX, NYSE Amex: FRG) ("Fronteer Gold") today announced that they have entered into an agreement 
pursuant to which Newmont will acquire all of the outstanding common shares of Fronteer Gold by way of a Plan 
of Arrangement. 
Under the Plan of Arrangement, shareholders of Fronteer Gold will receive Cdn$14.00 in cash and one common 
share in a new company ("Pilot Gold"), which will own certain exploration assets of Fronteer Gold, for each 
common share of Fronteer Gold. The cash consideration represents a premium of approximately 37% to the 
closing price of the common shares of Fronteer Gold on the TSX as of February 2, 2011 and equates to a value 
of approximately Cdn$2.3 billion for Fronteer Gold (excluding Pilot Gold). 
Fronteer Gold owns a 100% interest in the development-stage Long Canyon project, which is located 
approximately one hundred miles from Newmont's existing infrastructure in Nevada. The proximity of Long 
Canyon to Newmont's Nevada operations provides the potential for significant development and operating 
synergies. Fronteer Gold also owns a 100% interest in the Northumberland project and a joint venture interest 
with Newmont in the Sandman project in Nevada, among other assets. Fronteer Gold has total attributable 
Measured and Indicated gold resources of 4.2 million ounces and Inferred resources of 1.7 million ounces at Long 
Canyon, Northumberland and Sandman.(1) 
Pilot Gold will own a portfolio of Fronteer Gold's exploration properties in Nevada, Turkey, and Peru (see Exhibit 
A for a list of Pilot Gold's assets) and will be capitalized at closing with Cdn$10 million of cash. Upon closing of 
the transaction, Fronteer Gold shareholders will hold an aggregate 80.1% interest in Pilot Gold, and Newmont 
will hold the remaining 19.9% interest. As part of the Plan of Arrangement, the Pilot Gold common shares will be 
consolidated on a one-for-four basis. 
"The acquisition of Fronteer Gold will contribute significantly to our anticipated growth profile in North America," 
stated Richard O'Brien, Newmont's President and CEO. "The Long Canyon project, with its Carlin trend-like 
metallurgical and geological characteristics, complements our existing project pipeline in Nevada. This 
combination of assets will allow Newmont to leverage our expertise and extensive infrastructure in the region. 
Based on the work conducted to date by Fronteer Gold, as well as our own due diligence, we believe that Long 
Canyon holds the potential to grow beyond 3 to 4 times Fronteer Gold's current stated resource estimate, with an 
attractive average gold grade of approximately 2.3 grams per tonne. Additionally, we believe that Fronteer Gold's 
wider portfolio of assets offers further upside potential for our portfolio." 
In January 2011, Fronteer Gold released an interim resource estimate for Long Canyon, which reported 
Measured and Indicated resources of approximately 1.4 million gold ounces and an additional Inferred resource 
of approximately 0.8 million gold ounces.(1) 
Fronteer Gold President and CEO, Mark O'Dea, stated: "This transaction delivers an immediate and attractive 
premium to our shareholders. It not only recognizes the current value of our key Nevada gold projects, but 
rewards shareholders for their future growth. The team at Fronteer Gold has done an exceptional job of creating 
value and we are proud of the high quality project pipeline that we have built in Nevada. Newmont shares our 
view that Long Canyon, our flagship project, is a 'best-in-class' asset with excellent production attributes and 
significant growth potential. Importantly, this transaction continues to expose Fronteer Gold shareholders to our 
ongoing exploration and development success through Pilot Gold. Pilot Gold will have an ideal new company 
structure, an experienced Board of Directors and management team, and sufficient financial resources to 
immediately undertake active exploration programs in both Turkey and Nevada. We welcome Newmont as our 
largest shareholder in Pilot Gold and we look forward to creating ongoing value for shareholders in the 
near-term."

Page 8 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Newmont in Nevada: 
Newmont's land position in Nevada extends over 2 million acres. From its regional base in Elko, the Company 
currently operates six open pit mines, five underground mines, and nine process facilities. In addition, Newmont's 
project pipeline in Nevada includes Greater Leeville-Turf, Phoenix Copper Leach, Greater Gold Quarry, and our 
'Sleeping Giants' (Mike, Fiberline, Greater Phoenix and Copper Basin). In 2010, Nevada operations produced 1.7 
million attributable gold ounces, which was approximately 32% of the Company's total attributable gold production 
for the year. Nevada represents growth for Newmont, as evidenced by a 2011 exploration and development 
budget of approximately $285 million for near-mine activities. The Company plans to advance exploration activity 
in early and advanced stage projects such as Greater Leeville-Turf, Mike, Fiberline, Copper Basin and Greater 
Phoenix. 
Transaction Details: 
The transaction will be carried out by way of a Plan of Arrangement, the implementation of which will be subject to 
approval by at least 66 2/3% of the votes cast at a special meeting of Fronteer Gold shareholders that is 
expected to be held in early April 2011 followed by the approval of the Ontario Superior Court of Justice. Pursuant 
to the terms of the arrangement agreement between Newmont and Fronteer Gold, the transaction is also subject 
to applicable regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of certain closing conditions customary in transactions of 
this nature. The arrangement agreement also provides for, among other things, customary board support and 
non-solicitation covenants (subject to the fiduciary obligations of the Fronteer Gold Board and a Newmont "right 
to match") as well as the payment to Newmont of a break fee equal to Cdn$85 million if the proposed transaction 
is not completed in certain specified circumstances. 
The Board of Directors of Fronteer Gold after consultation with its financial and legal advisors, has unanimously 
determined that the proposed transaction is in the best interests of Fronteer Gold and is fair to Fronteer Gold's 
shareholders and will recommend that Fronteer Gold's shareholders vote in favor of the transaction. RBC Capital 
Markets, acting as financial advisor to Fronteer Gold and its Board of Directors, has provided an opinion that the 
consideration to be received by Fronteer Gold's shareholders is fair, from a financial point of view, to Fronteer 
Gold shareholders. All of the directors and senior officers have entered into customary support agreements 
pursuant to which, among other things, they have agreed to vote their common shares in favor of the transaction. 
The terms and conditions of the proposed transaction will be summarized in Fronteer Gold's management 
information circular, which will be filed and mailed to Fronteer Gold shareholders in March 2011. It is anticipated 
that the transaction, if approved by Fronteer Gold's shareholders, will be completed in the second quarter of 
2011..
Document PMPLUN0020110207e727000un

Page 9 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Newmont acquires Fronteer Gold for $2.3-bn 
Newmont acquires Fronteer Gold for $2.3-bn 
Distributed by Contify.com 
639 words 
5 February 2011 
Domain-B 
ATDOMB 
English 
Copyright © 2011. The Information Company Pvt. Ltd. 
One of the world's leading gold producers Newmont Mining Corporation has agreed to buy Canadian gold 
developer Fronteer Gold Inc for approximately $2.3 billion in a cash-and-stock deal, expanding further the 
miner's resource base in North America. 
Under the terms of the deal, Fronteer Gold shareholders will get C$14 in cash, and one common share in a 
newly formed gold mining company 'Pilot Gold' for each of their shares. Pilot Gold will own certain assets of 
Fronteer Gold in Nevada, Turkey and Peru. 
The cash price of C$14 per Fronteer Gold share represents a 37-per cent premium to the closing price of 
Frontier Gold on the Toronto Stock Exchange Wednesday, prior to the announcement of the deal. 
Vancouver, British Columbia-based Fronteer Gold's flagship operation is the Long Canyon project in Nevada, 
which is located only about 160 km from Newmont's Nevada operations. Newmont expects the proximity could 
result in significant development and operating synergies for the company. 
In addition, Fronteer Gold owns the Northumberland project, and also another joint venture project in Sandman, 
both in Nevada. 
Gold reserves in these three properties are estimated at approximately 4.2 million ounces in the measured and 
indicated categories, with additional inferred resources of around 1.7 million ounces. 
Newmont's president and CEO Richard O'Brien said, "The acquisition of Fronteer Gold will contribute 
significantly to our anticipated growth profile in North America.'' 
''Based on the work conducted to date by Fronteer Gold, as well as our own due diligence, we believe that Long 
Canyon holds the potential to grow beyond three to four times Fronteer Gold's current stated resource estimate, 
with an attractive average gold grade of approximately 2.3 grams per tonne,'' he further stated. 
Fronteer Gold president and CEO Mark O'Dea commented the Long Canyon project as a 'best-in-class' asset 
with excellent production attributes and significant growth potential. 
Denver, Colorado-based Newmont has gold and copper operations in the US, Australia, Peru, Indonesia, Ghana, 
Canada, New Zealand and Mexico. The $7.7-billion miner has produced 5.3 million ounces of gold and 226 
million pounds of Copper in 2009. 
Nevada operations with six open pits, five underground mines and nine processing facilities contribute around 32 
per cent of Newmont's total gold production. The region represents high growth potential for the company and the 
addition of Fronteer's assets will significantly boost the company's expansion plans in North America. 
Nevertheless, analysts believe that acquiring necessary permits and commencement of production from Long 
Canyon could take anywhere between four to six years which is a long time to count on the bullion prices. 
Gold prices soared 29 per cent in 2010 driven by increasing demand for the precious metal amid continued global 
uncertainty. The closing price for the yellow metal was $1349 an ounce yesterday in New York for April delivery. 
Further to closing of the transaction, Fronteer Gold shareholders will own 80 per cent of Pilot Gold, while the 
remaining 20 per cent will be held by Newmont. 
The board of directors of Fronteer Gold are in full support of the proposed transaction. 
The deal also includes a break fee of $85 million also payable to Newmont by Fronteer Gold if the transaction is 
not completed in certain specified circumstances.

Page 10 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2011 subject to approval by Fronteer shareholders 
by a two-third majority, as well as other regulatory approvals from the Canadian and the US authorities. 
BMO Capital Markets is acting as the financial advisor to Newmont on the deal, while Fronteer Gold is being 
advised by RBC Capital Markets. 
Images, graphs or charts, if any, have been removed 
Document ATDOMB0020110205e7250000m

Page 11 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Newmont to buy gold miner 
Finance 
Newmont to buy gold miner 
228 words 
5 February 2011 
The Advertiser 
ADVTSR 
1 - State 
76 
English 
Copyright 2011 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved 
TORONTO: US mining giant Newmont Mining aims to acquire Canadian mid-tier gold miner Fronteer Gold in a 
cash-and-stock deal that values Fronteer at about $2.28 billion. 
Newmont, one of the world's largest gold miners, expected the deal to be completed by June. Vancouver-based 
Fronteer is developing the Long Canyon gold project in Nevada, not far from Newmont's own operations. 
Newmont will form a new company, Pilot Gold, to explore properties in Nevada, Turkey and Peru, and will get an 
initial cash injection of $10 million to get started. 
``The acquisition of Fronteer Gold complements our internal growth plan and leverages our development and 
operating expertise in Nevada, one of Newmont's core regions and a region we believe will continue to be one of 
the world's most prolific gold producing regions,'' Newmont president and CEO Richard O'Brien said. 
Fronteer Gold president and CEO Mark O'Dea would chair the new company he said would include the core 
team at Fronteer. 
``Pilot Gold will retain the same attributes that made Fronteer a success: a strong board, an experienced 
management team and the financial resources to create value from its portfolio,'' Mr O'Dea said. 
The deal, unanimously endorsed by the Fronteer board, is subject to approval of at least two-thirds of Fronteer 
shareholders. 
Document ADVTSR0020110204e7250006s

Page 12 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Two miners can savour pot of gold; Newmont and Fronteer measure spoils of $2.3-billion deal 
Money 
Two miners can savour pot of gold; Newmont and Fronteer measure spoils of $2.3-billion deal 
Steve James and Pav Jordan 
Reuters 
558 words 
4 February 2011 
Vancouver Province 
VANPRO 
Final 
A32 
English 
Copyright © 2011 Vancouver Province 
Fronteer Gold Inc. must be thinking it has found the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow: U.S. giant Newmont 
Mining Corp. has agreed to buy the Vancouverbased company for $2.3 billion. 
But Newmont probably thinks it's the one who has found the gold pot. 
The cash-and-stock purchase -- the latest in a string of deals targeting Canadian miners -- will add 4.2 million 
ounces of gold resource to the portfolio of the world's second-largest gold producer. 
Fronteer shareholders will receive $14 in cash and one common share in a new company, called Pilot Gold, in 
exchange for each common share of Fronteer Gold. 
The offer represents a 37-percent premium to Fronteer Gold's Wednesday close of $10.25. 
"The reason they are worth so much is because the projects are very robust," said Adam Graf, a mining-equity 
analyst for Dahlman Rose in New York. 
"The capital costs are low, the operating costs are low and the projects are fairly scalable, and that's what makes 
it attractive to Newmont." 
The Fronteer deal, supported by the board, will extend Newmont's presence in the U.S. state of Nevada, where it 
has operated since the 1960s, adding as much as 400,000 ounces of gold to Newmont's output for the state, 
currently at some 2.0 million ounces. 
Fronteer owns a 100-percent interest in a coveted development-stage project at Long Canyon in Nevada, located 
about 160 kilometres from Newmont's existing operations. 
"The acquisition of Fronteer Gold will contribute significantly to our anticipated growth profile in North America," 
Newmont CEO Richard O'Brien said in a statement on Thursday. 
Fronteer shareholders are expected to vote on the deal in early April. It requires two-thirds approval. 
The two parties have agreed to an $85-million break fee should either side back out of the deal. 
Canada has spawned some of the world's most successful mining companies, including Barrick Gold Corp. the 
No. 1 gold producer. Many of them have become attractive targets for global players looking for growth. 
Only last month, Cleveland, Ohio-based Cliffs Natural Resources offered more than $4 billion for Canada's 
Consolidated Thompson Iron Mines, while Lundin Mining and Inmet Mining, two Canadian base metal miners, 
agreed to a $9-billion combination. 
Gold mining has become one of the biggest draws, with bullion prices near record highs, and with mid-size and 
larger producers struggling to maintain production profiles or offset declines after years of growth.

Page 13 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Toronto-based miner Kinross Gold, with properties mainly in the Americas, completed one of the top Canadian 
mining deals of 2010 with a $7.1-billion purchase of Africa-focused Red Back Mining, making it the world's 
fourth-largest gold miner by market capitalization. 
Spot gold was trading at some $1,336 US an ounce on Thursday, more than five times its price a decade ago. 
Gold rose to a record of $1,430.95 an ounce in December. 
Fronteer Gold / The property Newmont Gold aims to buy for $2.3 billion; Fronteer Gold / Drill roads run along 
the site at Fronteer Gold's Long Canyon project in Nevada.; 
Document VANPRO0020110204e7240005l

Page 14 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Newmont Mining agrees to buy Fronteer Gold; Deal includes promising Nevada gold project 
Business 
Newmont Mining agrees to buy Fronteer Gold; Deal includes promising Nevada gold project 
PETER KOVEN 
Financial Post 
301 words 
4 February 2011 
Montreal Gazette 
MTLG 
Final 
B7 
English 
Copyright © 2011 Montreal Gazette 
Gold-mining giant Newmont Mining Corp. has agreed to buy Canada's Fronteer Gold Inc. for $2.3 billion, giving it 
the promising Long Canyon project in Nevada. 
Long Canyon offers potential operating synergies with Newmont's existing mines in Nevada, which made it a 
coveted asset for Newmont, which is working hard to increase its gold reserves. 
Newmont agreed to pay $14 a share in cash for Fronteer, a 37-per-cent premium to its closing price on 
Wednesday. Additionally, Fronteer shareholders will receive shares of a new company called Pilot Gold, which 
will own a portfolio of some of Fronteer's other exploration properties in Nevada, Turkey and Peru. 
"The acquisition of Fronteer Gold will contribute significantly to our anticipated growth profile in 
North America," Newmont chief executive Richard O'Brien said. 
"The Long Canyon project, with its Carlin trend-like metallurgical and geological characteristics, complements our 
existing project pipeline in Nevada." 
In January, Fronteer released a resource estimate for Long Canyon that showed it holds 2.2 million ounces of 
gold in measured, indicated and inferred resources. 
Mark O'Dea, Fronteer's CEO, said in the statement that Newmont's offer shows that Long Canyon is a 
"best-in-class" asset, and pointed out that the deal gives shareholders potential for more exploration and 
development success in the future through Pilot Gold. 
"Pilot will have an ideal new company structure, an experienced board of directors and management team, and 
sufficient financial resources to immediately undertake active exploration programs in both Turkey and Nevada. 
We welcome Newmont as our largest shareholder in Pilot Gold, and we look forward to creating ongoing value for 
shareholders in the near term," he said. 
Document MTLG000020110204e7240001a

Page 15 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Newmont Expands Nevada Growth Potential with Acquisition of Fronteer Gold 
Newmont Expands Nevada Growth Potential with Acquisition of Fronteer Gold 
1,905 words 
4 February 2011 
ENP Newswire 
ENPNEW 
English 
(c) 2011, Electronic News Publishing. All Rights Reserved. 
Release date - 03022011 
DENVER - Newmont Mining Corporation (NYSE: NEM) and Fronteer Gold Inc. (TSX, NYSE Amex: FRG) today 
announced that they have entered into an agreement pursuant to which Newmont will acquire all of the 
outstanding common shares of Fronteer Gold by way of a Plan of Arrangement. 
Under the Plan of Arrangement, shareholders of Fronteer Gold will receive Cdn$14.00 in cash and one common 
share in a new company (‘Pilot Gold’), which will own certain exploration assets of Fronteer Gold, for each 
common share of Fronteer Gold. The cash consideration represents a premium of approximately 37% to the 
closing price of the common shares of Fronteer Gold on the TSX as of February 2, 2011 and equates to a value 
of approximately Cdn$2.3 billion for Fronteer Gold (excluding Pilot Gold). 
Fronteer Gold owns a 100% interest in the development-stage Long Canyon project, which is located 
approximately one hundred miles from Newmont’s existing infrastructure in Nevada. The proximity of Long 
Canyon to Newmont’s Nevada operations provides the potential for significant development and operating 
synergies. Fronteer Gold also owns a 100% interest in the Northumberland project and a joint venture interest 
with Newmont in the Sandman project in Nevada, among other assets. Fronteer Gold has total attributable 
Measured and Indicated gold resources of 4.2 million ounces and Inferred resources of 1.7 million ounces at Long 
Canyon, Northumberland and Sandman. 
Pilot Gold will own a portfolio of Fronteer Gold’s exploration properties in Nevada, Turkey, and Peru (see Exhibit 
A for a list of Pilot Gold’s assets) and will be capitalized at closing with Cdn$10 million of cash. Upon closing of 
the transaction, Fronteer Gold shareholders will hold an aggregate 80.1% interest in Pilot Gold, and Newmont 
will hold the remaining 19.9% interest. As part of the Plan of Arrangement, the Pilot 
Gold common shares will be consolidated on a one-for-four basis. 
‘The acquisition of Fronteer Gold will contribute significantly to our anticipated growth profile in North America,’ 
stated Richard O’Brien, Newmont’s President and CEO. ‘The Long Canyon project, with its Carlin trend-like 
metallurgical and geological characteristics, complements our existing project pipeline in Nevada. This 
combination of assets will allow Newmont to leverage our expertise and extensive infrastructure in the region. 
Based on the work conducted to date by Fronteer Gold, as well as our own due diligence, we believe that Long 
Canyon holds the potential to grow beyond 3 to 4 times Fronteer Gold’s current stated resource estimate, with 
an attractive average gold grade of approximately 2.3 grams per tonne. Additionally, we believe that Fronteer 
Gold’s wider portfolio of assets offers further upside potential for our portfolio.’ 
In January 2011, Fronteer Gold released an interim resource estimate for Long Canyon, which reported 
Measured and Indicated resources of approximately 1.4 million gold ounces and an additional Inferred resource 
of approximately 0.8 million gold ounces. 
Fronteer Gold President and CEO Mark O’Dea states: ‘This transaction delivers an immediate and attractive 
premium to our shareholders. It not only recognizes the current value of our key Nevada gold projects, but 
rewards shareholders for their future growth. The team at Fronteer Gold has done an exceptional job of creating 
value and we are proud of the high quality project pipeline that we have built in Nevada. Newmont shares our 
view that Long Canyon, our flagship project, is a ‘best-in-class’ asset with excellent production attributes and 
significant growth potential. Importantly, this transaction continues to expose Fronteer Gold shareholders to our 
ongoing exploration and development success through Pilot Gold. Pilot will have an ideal new company structure, 
an experienced Board of Directors and management team, and sufficient financial resources to immediately 
undertake active exploration programs in both Turkey and Nevada. We welcome Newmont as our largest 
shareholder in Pilot Gold and we look forward to creating ongoing value for shareholders in the near-term.’ 
Newmont in Nevada

Page 16 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Newmont’s land position in Nevada extends over 2 million acres. From its regional base in Elko, the Company 
currently operates six open pit mines, five underground mines, and nine process facilities. In addition, Newmont’s 
project pipeline in Nevada includes Greater Leeville-Turf, Phoenix Copper Leach, Greater Gold Quarry, and our 
‘Sleeping Giants’ (Mike, Fiberline, Greater Phoenix and Copper Basin). In 2010, Nevada operations produced 1.7 
million attributable gold ounces, which was approximately 32% of the Company’s total attributable gold production 
for the year. Nevada represents growth for Newmont, as evidenced by a 2011 exploration and development 
budget of approximately $285 million for near-mine activities. The Company plans to advance exploration activity 
in early and advanced stage projects such as Greater Leeville-Turf, Mike, Fiberline, Copper Basin and Greater 
Phoenix. 
Transaction Details 
The transaction will be carried out by way of a Plan of Arrangement, the implementation of which will be subject to 
approval by at least 66% of the votes cast at a special meeting of Fronteer Gold shareholders that is expected to 
be held in early April 2011 followed by the approval of the Ontario Superior Court of Justice. Pursuant to the 
terms of the arrangement agreement between Newmont and Fronteer Gold, the transaction is also subject to 
applicable regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of certain closing conditions customary in transactions of this 
nature. The arrangement agreement also provides for, among other things, customary board support and 
non-solicitation covenants (subject to the fiduciary obligations of the Fronteer Gold Board and a Newmont ‘right 
to match’) as well as the payment to Newmont of a break fee equal to Cdn$85 million if the proposed transaction 
is not completed in certain specified circumstances. 
The Board of Directors of Fronteer Gold after consultation with its financial and legal advisors, has unanimously 
determined that the proposed transaction is in the best interests of Fronteer Gold and is fair to Fronteer Gold’s 
shareholders and will recommend that Fronteer Gold’s shareholders vote in favor of the transaction. RBC Capital 
Markets, acting as financial advisor to Fronteer Gold and its Board of Directors, has provided an opinion that the 
consideration to be received by Fronteer Gold’s shareholders is fair, from a financial point of view, to Fronteer 
Gold shareholders. All of the directors and senior officers have entered into customary support agreements 
pursuant to which, among other things, they have agreed to vote their common shares in favor of the transaction. 
The terms and conditions of the proposed transaction will be summarized in Fronteer Gold’s management 
information circular, which will be filed and mailed to Fronteer Gold shareholders in March 2011. It is anticipated 
that the transaction, if approved by Fronteer Gold’s shareholders, will be completed in the second quarter of 
2011. 
Copies of the Plan of Arrangement agreement and certain related documents will be filed with Canadian 
securities regulators and with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the ‘SEC’) and will be available on 
the Canadian SEDAR website at www.sedar.com and on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The management 
information circular will also be available as part of Fronteer Gold’s public filings at www.sedar.com and 
www.sec.gov. 
Advisors and Counsel 
Newmont’s financial advisor is BMO Capital Markets, and its legal counsel are Goodmans LLP and Wachtell, 
Lipton, Rosen & Katz. Fronteer Gold’s financial advisor is RBC Capital Markets, and its legal counsel is Davies 
Ward Phillips & Vineberg LLP. 
Conference Call 
The Company will hold a conference call on Thursday, February 3, 2011 beginning at 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time 
(10:00 a.m. Mountain Time). 
To participate: 
Dial-In Number: 888-566-1822 
Intl Dial-In Number: 1-312-470-7119 
Leader: John Seaberg 
Passcode: Newmont 
Replay Number: 866-434-5261

Page 17 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Intl Replay Number: 203-369-1004 
Replay Passcode: 2011 
The conference call will be simultaneously carried on our web site at www.newmont.com under Investor Relations 
and will be archived there for a limited time. 
Contact: 
Omar Jabara Media Tel: 303.837.5114 Email: omar.jabara@newmont.com 
John Seaberg Investor Tel: 303.837.5743 Email: john.seaberg@newmont.com 
Karli Anderson Investor Tel: 303.837.6049 Email: karli.anderson@newmont.com 
Monica Brisnehan Investor Tel: 303.837.5836 Email: monica.brisnehan@newmont.com 
Cautionary Statements 
This release contains ‘forward-looking statements’ within the meaning of applicable securities laws that are 
intended to be covered by the safe harbors created by those laws, including statements that use forward-looking 
terminology such as ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘expect’, ‘anticipate’, ‘believe’, ‘continue’, ‘potential’ or the negative thereof or 
other variations thereof or comparable terminology. Such forward-looking statements may include, without 
limitation, statements regarding the completion of the proposed transaction and other statements that are not 
historical facts. 
While such forward-looking statements are expressed by Newmont or by Fronteer Gold, as stated in this 
release, in good faith and believed by the applicable party to have a reasonable basis, they are subject to 
important risks and uncertainties including, without limitation, approval of applicable governmental authorities, 
required Fronteer Gold shareholder approval and necessary court approvals the satisfaction or waiver of certain 
other conditions contemplated by the arrangement agreement, the inability to realize expected synergies or cost 
savings, errors in estimates of reserves or future production, parts, equipment, labor or power shortages or other 
increases in costs, mining accidents or other adverse events, changes in applicable laws or regulations, 
competition from other mining companies, and the other risks disclosed in Newmont’s and Fronteer Gold’s public 
filings, any or all of which could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed, projected or 
implied by the forward-looking statements. As a result of these risks and uncertainties, the proposed transaction 
could be modified, restructured or not be completed, and the results or events predicted in these forward-looking 
statements may differ materially from actual results or events. 
These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, given that they involve risks and 
uncertainties. 
Cautionary Note to U.S. Investors 
Certain statements of Fronteer Gold in this release use the terms ‘Measured resources’, ‘Indicated resources’ 
and ‘Inferred resources’. We advise U.S. investors that while these terms are recognized and required by 
Canadian regulations, these terms are not defined terms under the SEC’s Industry Guide 7 and are normally not 
permitted to be used in reports and registration statements filed with the SEC. U.S. Investors are cautioned not to 
assume that any part or all of mineral deposits in the ‘Measured resources’ and ‘Indicated resources’ categories 
will ever be converted into SEC Industry Guide 7 reserves. 
Additionally, ‘Inferred resources’ have a great amount of uncertainty as to their existence, and great uncertainty 
as to their economic and legal feasibility. It cannot be assumed that all or any part of an inferred mineral resource 
will ever be upgraded to a higher category. Under Canadian rules, estimates of Inferred resources may not form 
the basis of a feasibility study or prefeasibility studies, except in rare cases. Accordingly, U.S. Investors are 
cautioned not to assume that any part or all of an Inferred resource exists or is economically or legally minable. 
[Editorial queries for this story should be sent to newswire@enpublishing.co.uk] 
Document ENPNEW0020110204e724000fb

Page 18 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Corporate News: Corporate Watch 
Corporate News: Corporate Watch 
718 words 
4 February 2011 
The Wall Street Journal 
J
B4 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2011, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
PERNOD 
Spirits Company, Cuba 
Taste Victory in Rum Row 
Spain's Supreme Court ruled in favor of Pernod Ricard SA Thursday in a long-running dispute with rival Bacardi 
Ltd. over the rights to the Cuban rum trademark Havana Club, likely setting a precedent for other cases involving 
property taken over by Cuba's communist government. 
The ruling by the country's top legal court represents the third time that Spanish courts have rejected Bacardi's 
challenge to ownership of the famous brand by Pernod and Cuba, after two previous decisions by lower courts. It 
also marks a significant legal victory for France's Pernod, the world's second-largest distiller by sales after the 
U.K.'s Diageo PLC, and the Cuban government, which has secured the rights to the brand in most countries. 
Pernod's joint venture with the Cuban government to sell its rum prevents Pernod from exporting Havana Club to 
the U.S. because of Washington's longstanding trade embargo against Cuba. 
Pernod and Bacardi have been locked in legal battles in Spain and the U.S. Bacardi claims it has the rights to the 
trademark for the U.S. because it bought them in 1994 from the brand's founding family early in the last century. 
Bacardi wasn't immediately available to comment on the ruling. 
-- David Roman 
--- 
FORD 
Auto Maker Recalls F-150s 
To Repair Defective Handle 
Ford Motor Co. is recalling 280,000 of its best-selling F-150 pickup trucks to repair a handle defect that could 
allow the vehicle's doors to open in a side-impact crash. 
The safety recall covers F-150 pickups manufactured from Jan. 18, 2008, through Nov. 30, 2009, according to the 
recall notice filed with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. 
Owners will be notified by the auto maker and are instructed to visit a Ford or Lincoln dealer for repairs. The recall 
will start Feb. 14. 
-- Jeff Bennett 
--- 
BJ'S 
Retailer Is Mulling Options, 
Including a Possible Sale

Page 19 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
BJ's Wholesale Club Inc. said Thursday it will consider options, including a potential sale of the company, a 
decision that comes several months after a private-equity firm urged the warehouse-club retailer to look for ways 
to enhance shareholder value. 
The Westborough, Mass., company said there is no timetable for its decision, which was reached upon the 
recommendation of a committee of independent directors. BJ's has hired Morgan Stanley & Co. as its financial 
adviser. 
It has been speculated that Los Angeles private-equity firm Leonard Green & Partners is considering a bid for the 
retailer. 
-- Maxwell Murphy 
--- 
DELTA 
Airline Says Higher Fares 
Will Offset Fuel Costs 
A senior Delta Air Lines Inc. executive said Thursday that more fare increases are needed to counter escalating 
fuel costs as the airline pares plans to boost capacity this quarter. 
Ed Bastian, president of the second-largest U.S. airline, said Delta had recouped half of the rise in jet fuel costs 
over the past two months through higher fares. 
Delta said it planned to add between 3% and 5% more capacity this quarter compared with last year, trimming the 
5% to 7% expansion range outlined just two weeks ago. 
The airline has said it would be "responsible" about adding flights, though it has said capacity discipline, higher 
industry fares and rising ancillary revenue would allow it to weather higher fuel prices. 
-- Doug Cameron 
--- 
NEWMONT 
Miner to Buy Gold Firm 
In $2.32 Billion Deal 
Newmont Mining Corp. said Thursday it is using a war chest swelled by the rise in the pirce of gold to expand in 
Nevada through the acquisition of Fronteer Gold Inc. 
Newmont Mining, the world's second-largest gold producer after Barrick Gold Corp., will pay 2.3 billion Canadian 
dollars (US$2.32 billion) in cash for the shares of Fronteer Gold, a Vancouver-based explorer with three projects 
in Nevada, including the Long Canyon project that holds a key position on a newly discovered gold deposit. 
"The acquisition of Fronteer Gold complements our internal growth plan, and leverages [our] development and 
operating expertise in Nevada -- one of Newmont's core regions," Newmont Mining Chief Executive Richard 
O'Brien said in a conference call. 
-- Edward Welsch 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document J000000020110204e72400036

Page 20 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Newmont targets growth with Fronteer; U.S. miner says $2.3-billion acquisition of Vancouver-based company driven by its potential for future... 
GOLD 
Report on Business: Canadian 
Newmont targets growth with Fronteer; U.S. miner says $2.3-billion acquisition of Vancouver-based 
company driven by its potential for future discoveries in Nevada 
BRENDA BOUW 
809 words 
4 February 2011 
The Globe and Mail 
GLOB 
B5 
English 
2011 CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
VANCOUVER -- MINING REPORTER 
Gold giant Newmont Mining Corp. is sticking close to home for future production growth by acquiring 
Nevada-focused explorer Fronteer Gold Inc. in a deal valued at $2.3-billion. 
Newmont is offering $14 per share for Vancouver-based Fronteer, whose flagship asset is the Long Canyon 
development project located near Newmont's existing operations in the prolific gold-producing state of Nevada. 
Newmont, based in Denver, will spin off Fronteer's lesser-known exploration assets into a public company called 
Pilot Gold. 
Newmont, one of the world's biggest gold producers, is paying a rich 37-per-cent premium for Fronteer, showing 
the steep prices gold companies will pay as they scramble to find growth amid a shrinking global supply of known 
reserves. The acquisition is the latest in a string of mining deals announced in recent weeks as companies rush to 
deploy cash built up from soaring commodity prices to buy new assets. 
Among the top-tier producers, Newmont has been singled out by some analysts as the company most in need of 
finding future growth, especially after rival Goldcorp Inc.'s acquisition spree over the past year. 
But Newmont said the acquisition is driven by Fronteer's strong potential for further discoveries, rather than 
pressure to show growth at any cost. 
“We don't have a gun to our head to do an acquisition,” Newmont chief executive officer Richard O'Brien said in 
an interview. Newmont noted it saw more value in buying development assets in today's market rather than mines 
already in production. 
“We will look for current production when we can find it for value and we will add incremental acquisitions which 
will add long-term prospectivity,” Mr. O'Brien said. “I think that is what you can continue to see from Newmont.” 
As for the premium, he said: “We feel like we paid a fair value for the company.” By comparison, Goldcorp paid a 
35-per-cent premium for its $3.6-billion purchase of Andean Resources Ltd. last fall. 
The offer for Fronteer comes as gold prices hover around $1,350 (U.S.) an ounce, well off the record $1,430 
reached in December. Still, many investors, and gold miners in particular, believe bullion will continue its steady 
climb, which will keep producers pumping out healthy profits. 
Newmont believes that, with further exploration on the Long Canyon site, the project has more potential than has 
so far been identified. Fronteer said it has currently identified 4.2 million ounces of “measured and indicated” gold 
resources at its three main projects in Nevada. Production at the key Long Canyon project is still about six years 
away. 
Buying Fronteer will help Newmont revitalize future growth plans in Nevada, where it has been producing gold for 
more than 50 years. “We are willing to go almost anywhere in the world, but we always like to go where we can 
realize a higher return,” Mr. O'Brien said of his company's decision to buy an asset close to it core production 
base. Newmont also has operations in Australia, Peru, Indonesia, Ghana, Canada, New Zealand and Mexico.

Page 21 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Fronteer and Newmont are also joint-venture partners in the Sandman project in Nevada, which is how the 
relationship between the two companies first developed. 
Fronteer has been restructuring itself into a pure gold player over the past year. Last summer, it bought the half of 
the Long Canyon project it didn't own, and earlier this week it closed a deal to sell its Aurora Energy Resources 
Inc. uranium assets to Paladin Energy Ltd. 
Pilot Gold, the new company to be spun out of the Newmont-Fronteer deal, will hold Fronteer Gold's exploration 
properties in Nevada, Turkey, and Peru. Newmont will provide $10-million in cash and will hold a 20-per-cent 
stake in Pilot, while Fronteer shareholders will hold the remaining 80 per cent. 
Fronteer president and CEO Mark O'Dea will become chairman of Pilot Gold. 
The deal needs the support of 66.6 per cent of Fronteer shareholders, as well as court and regulatory approvals. 
Newmont Mining (MEM) 
Close: $57.33 (U.S.), up $1.68 
Fronteer Gold (FRG)Close: $14.32 (Canadian), up $4.07 
*** 
NEVADA 
SANDMAN 
Fronteer's high-grade gold project in joint venture with Newmont. 
LONG CANYON 
High-grade, open-pit mineable deposit. 
NEWMONT NEVADA MINING OPERATIONS 
A 160-kilometre stretch of six open pit mines, five underground mines and nine process facilities works as an 
integrated unit. 
NORTHUMBERLAND 
Large gold deposit with potential for significant annual production. 
CARRIE COCKBURN/THE GLOBE AND MAIL 
SOURCES: NEWMONT MINING CORP.; FRONTEER GOLD INC. 
Document GLOB000020110204e72400020

Page 22 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Newmont buys Fronteer for $2.3B; Gold in Nevada 
Financial Post 
Newmont buys Fronteer for $2.3B; Gold in Nevada 
Peter Koven 
Financial Post 
621 words 
4 February 2011 
National Post 
FINP 
National 
FP1 
English 
(c) 2011 National Post . All Rights Reserved. 
TORONTO - As Fronteer Gold Inc. found more and more gold at its Long Canyon project in Nevada over the 
past few years, Richard O'Brien was looking on with ever-growing interest. 
"It's near our resources, we know the territory, and we feel strongly about the geologic potential increasing over 
time," Mr. O'Brien, chief executive of Newmont Mining Corp., said in an interview Thursday. 
Newmont, the world's second-largest gold producer, has been operating in Nevada for more than 60 years. It 
discovered the state's legendary Carlin gold trend in 1963, and it remains Nevada's dominant producer alongside 
Barrick Gold Corp. It knows more about Nevada geology than anyone. 
At Long Canyon, Newmont sees a gold trend that is very reminiscent of Carlin, as well as synergies with its own 
operations. As a result, it has agreed to pay $2.3-billion in cash for Vancouver-based Fronteer, a company that is 
years away from producing any gold. 
"Newmont are equipped to move this project forward, that's for sure," Fronteer chief executive Mark O'Dea said in 
an interview. "They're an obvious owner." 
By acquiring Fronteer, Newmont is buying about 5.9 million ounces of identified gold resources at three Nevada 
projects: Long Canyon, Northumberland and Sandman. 
The one that really matters is Long Canyon. While there are only 2.2 million ounces of resources defined right 
now, there is a great deal of exploration upside, with talk that the deposit could triple or quadruple in size. 
"The potential is clear and is there," said Grigore Simon, Newmont's vice-president of exploration. 
Fronteer shareholders will also receive shares of a new company called Pilot Gold, which will be led by Mr. O'Dea 
as chairman and hold Fronteer's other gold exploration properties, including its promising Turkish assets. 
Newmont will own 19.9% of Pilot. 
"We have multiple projects in the background that weren't getting any value," Mr. O'Dea said. 
"They would probably languish if they were included in this deal. So we felt the best way to extract value for them 
was to put them in a separate, purpose-built vehicle that could drive them forward," he said. 
While a rival bid is not widely anticipated, Barrick Gold Corp. may be interested, as it could also realize synergies 
with Fronteer's operations in Nevada. 
Experts said it was only a matter of time before Fronteer became a target, given the quality of its assets and their 
location in mining-friendly Nevada. "This is clearly the one [in Nevada] that stood out," Mr. O'Brien said. 
For Mr. O'Dea, who is only 43, it has been a busy ride. 
A geologist by training, he put himself on the map in 2000, when Goldcorp Inc. challenged the scientific 
community to figure out how to boost reserves at its Red Lake Mine in Ontario. Mr. O'Dea's proposal came in 
second place.

Page 23 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
He then took control of Fronteer when it was just a shell company with about $1-million in cash. He quickly built 
value through exploration success in Turkey, and through a huge uranium project in Newfoundland. 
Ironically, neither of those assets became the big winners. It was the Nevada properties, which Frontier acquired 
in 2007, that quickly showed the best potential. The uranium division was sold off this year and the Turkish assets 
will be transferred into Pilot Gold. 
--------- 
FRONTEER GOLD INC. 
Ticker FRG/TSX 
Close $14.32, up $4.07 
Total volume 61,693,834 
Avg. 6-month vol. 1,423,429 
Map: Fronteer Gold, Jonathon Rivait, National Post / FRONTEER'S NEVADA ASSETS.; 
Document FINP000020110204e7240002s

Page 24 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Newmont to Buy Gold Miner in $2.32 Billion Deal 
Business 
Newmont to Buy Gold Miner in $2.32 Billion Deal 
By Edward Welsch 
725 words 
3 February 2011 
16:34 
The Wall Street Journal Online 
WSJO 
English 
Copyright 2011 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
Newmont Mining Corp. said Thursday it is using a war chest swelled by the rise in gold prices to expand in 
Nevada through the acquisition of Fronteer Gold Inc. 
Newmont Mining, the world's second-largest gold producer after Barrick Gold Corp., will pay 2.3 billion Canadian 
dollars (US$2.32 billion) in cash for the shares of Fronteer Gold, a Vancouver explorer with three projects in 
Nevada, including the Long Canyon project that holds a key position on a newly discovered gold deposit. 
The strong rise in gold prices since the beginning of the financial crisis has stoked mergers-and-acquisitions 
activity among gold-mining companies that have seen their balance sheets grow along with the value of their 
output. Gold has retreated from its highs above $1,400 an ounce to $1350.70 in recent trading, but has gained 
22% from a year ago. 
"The acquisition of Fronteer Gold complements our internal growth plan, and leverages [our] development and 
operating expertise in Nevada—one of Newmont's core regions, and a region we currently believe will continue to 
be one of the world's most prolific gold-producing regions," Newmont Mining Chief Executive Richard O'Brien 
said in a conference call. 
Along with South Africa, Nevada is one of the largest gold-producing areas in the world. Newmont Mining is the 
second-largest gold producer in the state, after Barrick. 
Newmont Mining will pay $14 a share for Fronteer, a 37% premium to a share's value before the deal was 
announced. Fronteer's board supports the deal, and its shareholders will vote on it in April. If approved, Newmont 
Mining expects the deal to close that month. If Fronteer shareholders reject the deal for a higher competing offer, 
the company will pay an C$85 million termination fee. 
Shares of Fronteer traded up 39% to $14.43 Thursday on the American Stock Exchange. JPMorgan analyst John 
Bridges wrote in a note to clients that a rival offer from Barrick was possible, but unlikely because Long Canyon 
sits closer to properties already owned by Newmont, while Barrick already has a packed schedule of expansion 
projects. 
A Barrick spokesman declined to comment, saying it's company policy not to respond to market rumors or 
speculation. 
Long Canyon sits about 100 miles from Newmont Mining's Nevada infrastructure, creating the potential for 
"significant development and operating synergies," Newmont and Fronteer said. 
Fronteer Gold gained full ownership of Long Canyon late last year after acquiring AuEx Ventures Inc. Long 
Canyon has an estimated 2.2 million ounces in gold reserves, but Newmont Mining exploration chief Grigore 
Simon said additional exploration could show it to be three to four times as large. Newmont Mining will spend 
between $10 million and $15 million this year on exploring and surveying the Long Canyon deposit. Development 
of the resources will take five to seven years. 
Newmont Mining will also acquire Fronteer Gold's nearby Northumberland exploration property and the rest of its 
joint-venture interest in Fronteer's Sandman project, also in Nevada. Northumberland is expected to hold up to 
three million ounces of gold reserves and Sandman up to two million ounces. 
Newmont Mining has been operating in Nevada since 1966, and currently produces 1.7 million ounces of gold a 
year there, with 28.5 million ounces of reserves.

Page 25 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Fronteer and its existing management will retain some other exploration properties and become a new entity to be 
called Pilot Gold after the acquisition. Fronteer shareholders will hold an 80.1% stake in Pilot Gold, and Newmont 
will hold the remaining 19.9%. 
Newmont Mining's Mr. O'Brien said he is funding the acquisition out of the company's $4.8 billion in cash on its 
balance sheet because he is optimistic about the long-term prospects for high gold prices. 
"While the nominal price of gold has risen in recent years, gold is still not particularly expensive when compared 
with other commodities, nor when compared with financial assets or even with the historic high price of gold in the 
early '80s," he said during the conference call. 
Matt Whittaker in New York and Carolyn King in Toronto contributed to this article. 
Write to Carolyn King at carolyn.m.king@dowjones.com 
Document WSJO000020110203e723007pt

Page 26 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
MERGER: Newmont eyes Fronteer Gold for expansion in Nevada 
MERGER: Newmont eyes Fronteer Gold for expansion in Nevada 
351 words 
3 February 2011 
eSource Canada Business News Network 
SCBN 
English 
Copyright 2011 Business Information Group. All Rights Reserved. 
DENVER - Newmont Mining has agreed to purchase all the outstanding common shares of Vancouver's Fronteer 
Gold for $14.00 in cash and one common share of a new company called Pilot Gold. The price represents a 
premium of 37% over Feb. 2, 2011, share price of Fronteer, making the deal worth $2.3 billion. 
Fronteer Gold owns a 100% interest in the development-stage Long Canyon project located 160 km from 
Newmont's existing infrastructure in Nevada. The proximity of the project to Newmont's operations provides the 
potential for significant development and operating synergies. Fronteer Gold also owns a 100% interest in the 
Northumberland project and a joint venture interest with Newmont in the Sandman project in Nevada, among 
other assets. Fronteer Gold has total attributable measured and indicated gold resources of 4.2 million ounces 
and Inferred resources of 1.7 million ounces at Long Canyon, Northumberland and Sandman. 
Pilot Gold will own a portfolio of Fronteer's exploration properties in Nevada, Turkey and Peru. The company will 
be capitalized at closing with $10 million of cash. Upon closing of the transaction, Fronteer Gold shareholders 
will hold an aggregate 80.1% interest in Pilot Gold, and Newmont will hold the remaining 19.9% interest. 
"The acquisition of Fronteer Gold will contribute significantly to our anticipated growth profile in North America," 
stated Richard O'Brien, Newmont's president and CEO. "Based on the work conducted to date by Fronteer 
Gold, as well as our own due diligence, we believe that Long Canyon holds the potential to grow beyond three to 
four times Fronteer Gold's current stated resource estimate, with an attractive average gold grade of 
approximately 2.3 grams per tonne." 
The detailed plan of arrangement will be filed with Canadian securities regulators ( www.SEDAR.com ) and the 
US Securities and Exchange Commission ( www.SEC.gov ). 
(Faithful readers of CMJ's Daily Headline News will remember that Fronteer announced earlier this week that it is 
selling its Aurora Energy subsidary and its uranium interests to Paladin Energy of Australia.) 
Document SCBN000020110203e723000gx

Page 27 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Newmont to buy Fronteer for $2.3-billion; U.S. mining giant looks to expand asset base in rich gold producing region of Nevada by acquiring... 
Business 
Newmont to buy Fronteer for $2.3-billion; U.S. mining giant looks to expand asset base in rich gold 
producing region of Nevada by acquiring Canadian firm 
Brenda Bouw 
625 words 
3 February 2011 
The Globe and Mail (Breaking News) 
GMBN 
English 
2011 CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
VANCOUVER -- 
Mining giant Newmont Mining Corp. is looking to expand its asset base in the rich gold producing region of 
Nevada by buying exploration company Fronteer Gold Inc. in a deal valued at $2.3-billion. 
Denver-based Newmont said Thursday it is offering Fronteer shareholders $14 in cash and one share in a new 
company to be called Pilot Gold, which will own Fronteer's exploration assets. 
The offer is a 37-per-cent premium Fronteer's closing price on Wednesday of $10.25. 
The deal marks the latest in a series of mining acquisitions in recent weeks as mining companies use cash built 
up from soaring commodity prices to expand their asset base in a race for the world's shrinking resources. 
Newmont has been identified by some analysts as a company in particular need of finding new assets to build its 
reserves after peers such as Goldcorp Inc. have been on a buying spree over the past year or so. 
The deal also comes at a time when gold has pulled back slightly to around $1,340 (U.S.) an ounce after hitting 
an all-time high of $1,430.95 an ounce on Dec. 7 of last year. Fronteer shares hit a high of $12.22 in 
mid-December but have fallen back since, alongside the price of gold. 
Fronteer owns a 100-per-cent interest in the Long Canyon development project in Nevada, which is located near 
Newmont’s existing operations in the state. Fronteer also has joint venture interest with Newmont in the Sandman 
project in Nevada. 
“The acquisition of Fronteer Gold will contribute significantly to our anticipated growth profile in North America,” 
stated Newmont chief executive Richard O’Brien said in a statement released Thursday. 
“The Long Canyon project, with its Carlin trend-like metallurgical and geological characteristics, complements our 
existing project pipeline in Nevada. This combination of assets will allow Newmont to leverage our expertise and 
extensive infrastructure in the region ... Additionally, we believe that Fronteer Gold’s wider portfolio of assets 
offers further upside potential for our portfolio.” 
The new company, Pilot Gold, will own a portfolio of Fronteer Gold’s exploration properties in Nevada, Turkey, 
and Peru. It will also be capitalized with $10-million (Canadian) in cash, Newmont said. If the deal is approved, 
Fronteer shareholders will hold an 80.1-per-cent interest in Pilot Gold, while Newmont will hold the remaining 19.9 
per cent. 
The Pilot Gold common shares will be consolidated on a one-for-four basis. 
“This transaction delivers an immediate and attractive premium to our shareholders,” Fronteer Gold CEO Mark 
O’Dea said. 
“It not only recognizes the current value of our key Nevada gold projects, but rewards shareholders for their future 
growth ... We welcome Newmont as our largest shareholder in Pilot Gold and we look forward to creating ongoing 
value for shareholders in the near-term.”

Page 28 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
The deal requires agreement from at least 66.6 per cent of Fronteer shareholders at a vote expected to be held in 
April, as well as court and regulatory approvals. The agreement includes an $85-million break fee and gives 
Newmont a right to match any competing offers that may arise. 
Fronteer's board has voted unanimously in favour of the deal. 
Newmont’s financial adviser for the transaction is BMO Nesbitt Burns, and its legal counsel are Goodmans LLP 
and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz. Fronteer Gold’s financial adviser is RBC Dominion Securities, and its legal 
counsel is Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg LLP. 
Globe and Mail Update 
Document GMBN000020110203e723002e5

Page 29 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE: Newmont Plans C$2.3B Offer For Canada's Fronteer Gold 
UPDATE: Newmont Plans C$2.3B Offer For Canada's Fronteer Gold 
755 words 
3 February 2011 
15:07 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(c) 2011 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
(Updates throughout with further detail, analyst and executive comment.) 
By Edward Welsch 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
CALGARY (Dow Jones)--Newmont Mining Corp. (NEM) said Thursday it will use a war chest swelled by the rise 
in gold prices to expand its territory in Nevada through the acquisition of Fronteer Gold Inc. (FRG). 
Newmont Mining, the world's second-largest gold producer after Barrick Gold Corp. (ABX), will pay C$2.3 billion 
(US$2.32 billion) in cash for the shares of Fronteer Gold, a Vancouver explorer with three projects in Nevada, 
including the Long Canyon project that holds a key position on a newly discovered gold deposit. 
The strong rise in gold prices since the beginning of the financial crisis has stoked mergers and acquisitions 
activity among gold mining companies that have seen their balance sheets grow along with the value of the 
yellow metal. Gold has retreated from its highs above $1,400 an ounce to $1350.70 in recent trading, but has 
gained 22% from a year ago. 
"The acquisition of Fronteer Gold complements our internal growth plan, and leverages [our] development and 
operating expertise in Nevada - one of Newmont's core regions, and a region we currently believe will continue to 
be one of the world's most prolific gold-producing regions," Newmont Mining Chief Executive Richard O'Brien 
said in a conference call. 
Along with South Africa, Nevada is one of the two largest gold producing areas in the world. Newmont Mining is 
the second-largest gold producer in the state, after Barrick. 
Newmont Mining will pay $14 a share for Fronteer, a 37% premium to a share's value before the deal was 
announced. Fronteer's board supports the deal, and its shareholders will vote on it in April. If approved, Newmont 
Mining expects the deal to close in April. If Fronteer shareholders reject the deal for a higher competing offer, the 
company will pay an C$85 million termination fee. 
Shares of Fronteer were recently trading up 39% at $14.41, above the offer price. JPMorgan analyst John 
Bridges wrote in a note to clients that a rival offer from Barrick was possible, but unlikely because Long Canyon 
sits closer to properties already owned by Newmont, while Barrick already has a packed schedule of expansion 
projects. 
A Barrick spokesman declined to comment, saying it's company policy not to respond to market rumors or 
speculation. 
Long Canyon sits about 100 miles from Newmont Mining's Nevada infrastructure, creating the potential for 
"significant development and operating synergies," Newmont and Fronteer said. 
Fronteer Gold gained full ownership of Long Canyon late last year after acquiring AuEx Ventures Inc. Long 
Canyon has an estimated 2.2 million ounces in gold reserves, but Newmont Mining exploration chief Grigore 
Simon said additional exploration could show it to be three to four times as large. Newmont Mining will spend 
between $10 million and $15 million this year on exploring and surveying the Long Canyon deposit. Development 
of the resources will take five to seven years.

Page 30 of 30 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Newmont Mining will also acquire Fronteer Gold's nearby Northumberland exploration property and the rest of its 
joint-venture interest in Fronteer's Sandman project, also in Nevada. Northumberland is expected to hold up to 3 
million ounces of gold reserves and Sandman up to 1 million ounces. 
Newmont Mining has been operating in Nevada since 1966, and currently produces 1.7 million ounces of gold a 
year there, with 28.5 million ounces of reserves. 
Fronteer and its existing management will retain some other exploration properties and become a new entity to be 
called Pilot Gold after the acquisition. Fronteer shareholders will hold an 80.1% stake in Pilot Gold, and Newmont 
will hold the remaining 19.9%. 
Newmont Mining CEO O'Brien said he is funding the acquisition out of the company's $4.8 billion in cash on its 
balance sheet because he is optimistic about the long-term prospects for high gold prices. 
"While the nominal price of gold has risen in recent years, gold is still not particularly expensive when compared 
with other commodities, nor when compared with financial assets or even with the historic high price of gold in the 
early '80s," O'Brien said during the conference call. 
-By Edward Welsch, Dow Jones Newswires; 403-229-9095; edward.welsch@dowjones.com 
(Matt Whittaker in New York and Carolyn King in Toronto contributed to this article.) [ 02-03-11 1507ET ] 
Document DJ00000020110203e723000p4 
Search Summary 
Text Richard O'Brien AND FRonteer GOld 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2012 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Newmont Mining Corp. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

