Page 1 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Event Brief of Third Quarter 2009 Gilead Sciences Earnings Conference Call - Final ...................................................2 
Event Brief of Q2 2009 Gilead Sciences Earnings Conference Call - Final ..................................................................13 
Event Brief of Gilead Sciences Agrees to Acquire CV Therapeutics for $20.00 Per Share - Final ...............................25 
UPDATE 3-Gilead pulls CV Therapeutics from jaws of Astellas ...................................................................................34

Page 2 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Event Brief of Third Quarter 2009 Gilead Sciences Earnings Conference Call - Final 
Event Brief of Third Quarter 2009 Gilead Sciences Earnings Conference Call - Final 
9,498 words 
20 October 2009 
CQ FD Disclosure 
FNDW 
English 
©2009 by CQ Transcriptions, LLC. All rights reserved. 
PARTICIPANTS 
. Susan Hubbard, Gilead Sciences, IR . John Martin, Gilead Sciences, Chairman, CEO . Robin Washington, 
Gilead Sciences, CFO . Kevin Young, Gilead Sciences, Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations . 
Norbert Bischofberger, Gilead Sciences, CSO . John Milligan, Gilead Sciences, President, COO . Geoff 
Meacham, JPMorgan, Analyst . Mark Schoenebaum, Deutsche Bank, Analyst . Michael Aberman, Credit Suisse, 
Analyst . Rachel McMinn, Banc of America, Analyst . Karim Defilipe, Citi Investment Research, Analyst . Geoff 
Porges, Bernstein, Analyst . Joshua Schimmer, Leerink Swann, Analyst . Steve Harr, Morgan Stanley, Analyst . 
Jason Kantor, RBC Capital Markets, Analyst . Davis Bu, Goldman Sachs, Analyst . Phil Nadeau, Cowen & 
Company, Analyst . Tom Russo, Robert W. Baird, Analyst . Jim Birchenough, Barclays Capital, Analyst . Brett 
Holly, Oppenheimer, Analyst . John Sonnier, William Blair, Analyst 
OVERVIEW 
GILD reported 3Q09 total revenues including product sales and royalty, contract and other revenues of $1.8b and 
net income of $673m or $0.72 per share. 
FINANCIAL DATA 
A. Key Data From Call 1. 3Q09 total revenues (including product sales and royalty, contract and other revenues) 
= $1.8b. 2. 3Q09 net income = $673m. 3. 3Q09 non-GAAP net income (excluding impact of after-tax 
acquisition-related expenses, restructuring expenses and stock-based compensation expenses) = $730m. 4. 
3Q09 net income per share = $0.72. 5. 3Q09 non-GAAP net income per share = $0.78. 6. 3Q09 share 
repurchase = 6.2m shares of common stock at cost of $288m. 
PRESENTATION SUMMARY 
S1. 3Q09 Business Review (J.M.) 1. Highlights: 1. Product revenues reached a record high of $1.65b. 2. Antiviral 
franchise continued its momentum in gaining share across all commercial markets with record revenues of 
$1.47b. 3. Operating cash flow, $861m. 2. Management Update: 1. In July, welcomed Kevin Lofton to GILD's 
Board of Directors. 3. Regulatory Front: 1. In Sept., European Commission granted conditional approval of 
Cayston, inhaled antibiotic for treatment of chronic pulmonary infections due to Pseudomonas aeruginosa in adult 
patients with cystic fibrosis. 1. Plans to begin making product available in Germany and UK in early part of 2010. 
2. Received traditional approval for Cayston in Canada. 1. Cayston, first new inhaled antibiotic to be licensed for 
treatment of cystic fibrosis in a decade. 4. Developments for Patients with HIV/AIDS on US Policy Front: 1. In 
early Sept., US Department of Health & Human Services announced a proposal to add HIV screening test to 
Medicare's list of covered preventive services. 1. Proposal would mean that Medicare would cover annual 
voluntary screening of those at risk for HIV infection and pregnant women. 2. Final decision regarding this 
proposal is expected in Dec. 2. On Sept. 30, Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP) Committee 
approved draft legislation that would extend Ryan White Treatment Act through 2013. 1. This measure would 
authorize $2.35b in funding in FY10 with annual increases through FY13 for which $2.7b would be authorized. 2. 
In addition to access to care and treatment, Treatment Act would for first time, establish a national goal of 
administering 5m HIV tests each year. 3. Just under 25% of patients in US receive antiviral therapy through state 
AIDS Drug Assistance Programs under this Ryan White Treatment Act. 1. This extension would ensure continuity 
for those currently treated and create opportunity to diagnose more patients brining them into care and onto 
therapy. 2. Final adoption of this legislation is expected by Oct.-end. 5. Policy Developments: 1. Throughout Co., 
has exciting progress in terms of marketed products and pipeline programs. 
S2. 3Q09 Financial Review (R.W.) 1. Highlights: 1. Total revenues including product sales and royalty, contract 
and other revenues, $1.8b. 1. Up 31% YoverY. 2. Net income, $673m or $0.72 per share. 3. Non-GAAP net 
income, excluding impact of after-tax acquisition-related expenses, restructuring expenses and stock-based 
compensation expenses, $730m or $0.78 per share. 1. Represents YoverY increase in net income and EPS of

Page 3 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
39% and 42% respectively. 2. Product Sales: 1. $1.65b. 2. Antiviral: 1. Grew to $1.47b, up: 1. 19% YoverY. 2. 4% 
sequentially. 2. Truvada Sales: 1. Contributed $621m. 2. Up 13% YoverY, due primarily to sales volume growth in 
US and Europe. 3. Increased 2% sequentially. 3. Atripla: 1. Contributed $605m. 2. Sales increased 42% YoverY 
and 6% sequentially, resulting from continued uptake of product in US and Europe. 3. Efavirenz portion, 
purchased from BMS at its estimated market price and reflected in COGS, approx. $222m. 4. Viread sales, 
$170m. 1. Represented increase of 9% YoverY and 7% sequentially. 5. Hepsera sales, $68m. 1. Down 26% 
YoverY. 2. Up 1% sequentially. 6. Letairis sales, $48m. 1. Up 52% YoverY and 9% sequentially, driven primarily 
by sales volume growth in US. 7. Ranexa sales, $49m. 1. Up 18% sequentially after normalizing 2Q sales for 
period prior to acquisition of CV Therapeutics (CVT) on 04/15/09. 3. Foreign Currency Exchange: 1. Had net 
unfavorable impact of $51m on revenues vs. 3Q08. 2. Sequentially, had favorable impact of $18m. 4. Royalty, 
contract and other revenues, $152m. 1. Up $120m YoverY. 2. Up $74m sequentially. 3. Both YoverY and 
sequential increases, primarily driven by increased Tamiflu sales related to pandemic planning initiatives 
worldwide. 4. Royalties received from Roche for Tamiflu sales and recognized in revenues in 3Q09, $113m. 1. 
These royalties, which are paid one qtr. in arrears reflect royalty rate of approx. 21% as applied to Roche's 
Tamiflu net sales during its 2Q09. 2. Tamiflu royalties represented approx. $0.09 in EPS. 3. Roche, during its 
3Q09 reported CHF994m for Tamiflu worldwide sales, which translates into approx. $195m in royalties payable to 
GILD in its 4Q09 or approx. [$0.16] per share on fully diluted basis. 3. Margins & Expenses: 1. Note: 1. Margin 
and expense-related items are on non-GAAP basis excluding impact of acquisition, restructuring and stock-based 
compensation related expenses. 2. Product GM: 1. 76.5% vs. 78.1% in 3Q08. 2. Relatively flat vs. 2Q09. 3. 
YoverY decrease, due primarily to higher proportion of Atripla sales, which include efavirenz component at zero 
GM. 3. Operating margin, 53.9% vs.: 1. 53.6% in 3Q08. 2. 52.4% in 2Q09. 3. YoverY and sequential operating 
margins, favorably impacted by increase in Tamiflu royalties, and continued and focused cost management, 
partially offset by R&D expense reimbursement related to Tibotec's TMC278 collaboration. 4. Began to realize 
significant operational efficiencies from integration of CVT. 5. Continues to see improvements relative to 2008 in 
core operating margins, which excludes Tamiflu and (indiscernible). 4. R&D expenses, $242m. 1. Up 42% 
YoverY. 2. Up 18% sequentially. 3. YoverY increase, due primarily to: 1. Tibotec R&D expense reimbursement. 2. 
Increased clinical study activity. 3. Additional hiring associated with overall business growth. 4. Sequential 
increase, due to: 1. Effects of Tibotec R&D expense reimbursement, partially offset by integration of combined 
cardiovascular operations and lower clinical study expenses. 5. SG&A expenses, $200m. 1. Up 19% YoverY, due 
primarily to higher headcount and investments associated with overall growth of business, including CVT 
acquisition. 2. Sequentially, decreased 6%, due primarily to promotional spend seasonality in international 
operations and synergies realized from integration of CVT, partially offset by expanded sales and promotional 
expenses for Ranexa. 6. Other income and expense, net expense of $3m. 1. Decrease from net expense of $13m 
in 3Q08, due primarily to lower hedging expenses and more favorable FX translation gains and losses, partially 
offset by lower YoverY investment yield. 2. Sequentially, $2m favorable. 4. Tax: 1. Effective tax rate, 24.8% vs.: 1. 
27.5% in 3Q08. 2. 24.7% in 2Q09. 3. YoverY decrease, driven primarily by increased earnings in lower tax 
jurisdictions and extension of federal research tax credits in 4Q08. 5. Additional Metrics: 1. Restructuring Activity: 
1. Developed and communicated a restructuring plan to realign cardiovascular operations of GILD and CVT. 1. 
Has completed integration and incurred approx. $33m in pre-tax restructuring expenses to date with $8m incurred 
during 3Q09. 2. Expects to incur additional restructuring expenses of approx. $28m through 2010, which includes 
approx. $16m in 4Q09. 2. Operating cash flow, $861m. 3. Repurchased 6.2m shares of common stock at cost of 
$288m. 1. Utilized $200m to pay down half of $400m credit facility that Co. accessed in 2Q09. 2. As of 09/30/09, 
had approx. $242m remaining for share repurchases under $3b share repurchase program scheduled to expire at 
2010-end. 4. Ended qtr. with a strong balance sheet position. 1. Cash and marketable securities portfolio of $3.3b 
allows Co. continued flexibility to pursue opportunities to expand business and return value to shareholders as 
appropriate. 6. 2009 Guidance: 1. Based on strong financial performance for first nine months of 2009, expects 
net product revenues for full-year 2009 to be approx. $6.35b. 1. Higher than previous guidance of $6.1-6.2b. 2. 
Reflects 25% increase over 2008 net product revenues. 2. Factors that may have an impact on business include, 
but are not limited to: 1. Potential for continued volatility in foreign exchange rates. 2. US and International 
government pricing pressures. 3. Changes in financial health and/or practices of business partners and 
customers. 3. Note: 1. Non-GAAP product GM and Opex guidance excludes impact of acquisition, restructuring 
and stock-based compensation related expenses where applicable. 4. Non-GAAP product GM: 1. Remains 
unchanged. 2. Ranges from 76-78%. 5. Expenses: 1. Decreasing non-GAAP R&D expense guidance from 
$850-870m to $810-830m. 1. This guidance includes 2009 R&D expense reimbursement payable to Tibotec for 
development costs associated with TMC278. 2. Non-GAAP SG&A expense guidance remains unchanged and 
ranges from $810-830m. 6. Effective tax rate guidance for full-year of 2009 is expected to remain in range of 
26-27%. 7. Maintaining full-year diluted EPS impact of acquisition, restructuring and stock-based compensation 
related expenses at a range of $0.23-0.26 per share. 
S3. 3Q09 Commercial Update (K.Y.) 1. Highlights: 1. Total US antiviral products sales, $805m, led by: 1. Atripla 
at $408m, up 18% YoverY. 2. Truvada at $293m, up 12% YoverY. 2. Prescription demand for Atripla and

Page 4 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Truvada, robust. 3. As highlighted in 2Q09, saw rise in inventory levels due to wholesalers anticipating a July 
price increase. 1. In 3Q09, saw this situation reversed with 2Q09 buy-in largely taken out and inventory returning 
to levels in line with 1Q09. 4. Non-retail purchases, primarily those linked to state AIDS Drug Assistance 
Programs were consistent with buying pattern of previous FY, albeit stronger than 3Q08. 5. Patient data for US 
lags Co.'s financial results by one qtr. 1. In 2Q09, number of patients treated with antiretroviral therapy grew by 
6% on a moving annual total basis to approx. 571,000 patients. 2. Atripla: 1. Most prescribed regimen in HIV, had 
180,000 patients on therapy or nearly a third of all treated patients and captured approx. 50% of treatment-naive 
patients. 3. Truvada: 1. Continued to grow to total of 211,000 patients on therapy or 37% of all treated patients, 
maintaining its position as backbone of choice for antiretroviral therapy in US. 4. Total Truvada or Atripla together 
with Truvada, continued to account for approx. 85% of patients new to therapy. 1. Products now are components 
of all of top six prescribed regimens in HIV. 2. Growth of new third agents in naive setting is coming in tandem 
with Truvada. 3. Approx. 61% of raltegravir patients and 92% of darunavir patients are co-prescribed Truvada. 6. 
HIV products in Europe continue to perform well, led by Truvada, which contributed $293m of revenue. 1. Up 14% 
from 3Q08. 7. In first full qtr. with Atripla launched in France, Atripla revenues, $182m, up 18% sequentially. 1. 
Uptake dynamics for Atripla within French markets are encouraging. 2. While it is still early, seen similar 
characteristics to that of US even though protease inhibitors are a more popular third agent class in France. 8. 
Anticipates launching Atripla in three additional international markets where Co. has commercial presence, with 
Belgium in coming weeks and Australia and Switzerland to follow in 1H10. 9. In early Atripla launch countries 
namely Germany, Spain and UK, now has Number 1 and Number 2 brands in Truvada and Atripla. 10. Big 5 
countries of Europe continued to show robust growth with approx. 281,000 patients treated with antiretrovirals at 
2Q09-end representing growth rate of 7% on moving annual total basis. 1. Approx. 25% of patients receiving 
Atripla, converted from Truvada to Sustiva whilst 31% were switches from other regimens and 44% of patients 
were naive. 2. Total Truvada increased its share to approx. 74% of treatment-naive patients, up from approx. 68% 
in 3Q08 while Kivexa share remained at 11%, down from approx. 16% in 3Q08. 3. Total Truvada achieved new 
highs in NRTI market outperforming Kivexa with prescription ratio of 3.4 to 1 in July 2009, up from 2.6 to 1 in July 
2008. 2. Hepatitis Franchise: 1. US: 1. Estimated total Viread HBV prescriptions grew by 21% QonQ, more than 
offsetting decline in Viread HIV total prescriptions and generating 5% QonQ increase in Viread prescription 
volume across both indications. 2. Latest Sept. monthly data point for total HBV prescriptions have Viread at an 
estimated market share of approx. 30% and Hepsera at 22%. 1. As of most recent data point in July 2009, Viread 
had achieved 40% naive patient share in HBV market, marking second consecutive month that Viread was at a 
naive patient share at/or above that of Entecavir. 3. Pleased with recent addition to US label of 96-week data from 
pivotal studies 102 and 103 and 45-week resistance data from study 106. 2. Europe: 1. Viread for HBV is 
reimbursed in 16 countries with international launches anticipated in Belgium, Poland and Australia in 4Q09. 2. 
Supported by guideline endorsements for use in both naive and lamivudine experienced patients and positive 
recommendation from UK National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence, Viread has surpassed Entecavir in 
Germany, Span and UK, first countries of launch. 3. As of July 2009, Viread's HBV market share in Europe was 
estimated to be 16% vs. 9% at start of year. 4. In Turkey where Co. established its affiliates specifically for launch 
of Viread HBV, achieved 21% market share one-year post-launch and making gains on Entecavir, which holds 
29% market share. 3. Cardiovascular Franchise: 1. Continues to make solid progress with Letairis for treatment of 
Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension, supported by Co.'s updated label, removing six-month re-enrollment 
requirement in LEAP program and recent introduction of LabSync, which is designed to reduce burden of monthly 
lab monitoring. 2. Bosentan received treatment indication from WHO functional class II patients. 1. Along with this 
approval, FDA added considerations for use section to label, which states that physicians should consider 
whether benefits offset risk of liver injury in this class of patients. 2. Letairis was immediately approved for WHO 
functional class II and does not carry this safety warning. 3. Continues to believe Co. has best-in-class ERA for 
PAH with distinctive profile from sulfonamide structure ERA's namely bosentan and sitaxsentan. 1. According to 
latest data, as Co. exited 3Q09, approx. one in three patients receiving an ERA were taking Letairis. 4. Ranexa: 
1. Total US sales, $49m. 1. Included $3.9m in both tablets supplied to Menarini, Co.'s licensee for Ranexa in 
Europe. 2. Saw modest increase in Ranexa inventories to where days on hand for Ranexa now model that of 
Co.'s HIV franchise. 3. Had one-time Ranexa benefit as Co. began transitioning certain of its US wholesalers to 
GILD inventory management agreements. 4. Made great deal of progress on operational plan for Ranexa. 5. 
Completed hiring and initial training of new 200-person sales force. 1. As of 10/19/09, this team began field 
promotion with new visual aid, new sample policy, and new Co-pay program. 6. Revamped previous Ranexa 
(indiscernible) based on angina prescribing potential, mixing both cardiologists and internal medicine specialists, 
30% of whom are entirely new targets. 1. In conjunction with this work, cancelled primary care pilot program 
instigated a year ago by CVT. 2. Rebuilding of a field-based medical science team is nearly complete, which will 
be supported in work by extensive continuing education program focused on treatment of chronic angina. 7. Set 
in motion a new and expanded Ranexa speaker program that will highlight benefits of Ranexa according to Co.'s 
new label.

Page 5 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
S4. 3Q09 R&D Efforts (N.B.) 1. R&D: 1. Now in final stages of completing an annual review of R&D portfolio, a 
process in which Co. assesses progress and evolving medical and commercial opportunity to Co.'s various 
product candidates and programs across four therapeutic areas: 1. HIV. 2. Liver diseases. 3. Respiratory 
diseases. 4. Cardiovascular/metabolic diseases. 2. Has number of exciting opportunities available. 1. Between 
now and 2010-end, expects numerous and important dataset to emerge from these efforts. 2. 
Cardiovascular/Metabolic: 1. Results of DAR-311 study were published online and will appear in next week's print 
edition of The Lancet, showing that darusentan was effective at reducing trough sitting and mean-24 systolic and 
diastolic blood pressure after 14 weeks of treatment in patients with resistant hypertension. 1. DAR-311 is one of 
two ongoing Phase III clinical trials, evaluating safety, efficacy and tolerability of darusentan as an add-on 
treatment for resistant hypertension. 2. Second study, DAR-312 is expected to be completed with data available 
by 2009-end. 1. DAR-312 is an international Phase III double blind, placebo and active-controlled parallel group 
trial in which 849 patients were randomized to receive darusentan, titrated to optimal dose of 50, 100 or 300 mg 
once daily or an active comparator guanfacine or placebo. 2. Co-primary efficacy endpoints of trial are changes 
from baseline to week 14 in trough sitting systolic and diastolic blood pressure. 3. Will learn more about safety of 
darusentan with regards to edema and cardiovascular safety events and number of additional indications and 
opportunities for Ranexa and follow-on late sodium channel inhibitors. 1. Based on desired product profiles, will 
pursue some of these opportunities with Ranexa itself and some of them with new chemical entities emerging 
from research efforts. 4. Moving GS 9667, partial adenosine A1 agonist into a Phase 1b study. 1. This compound 
is previously shown in Single Ascending Dose study to lower plasma-free fatty acids. 2. Phase 1b study will assist 
effect of GS 9667 on plasma triglycerides on glycemic-control and insulin sensitivity. 5. Exploring utility of Letairis 
for treatment of non-WHO Group 1 pulmonary hypertension patients. 1. Currently screening patients in Phase III 
study, exploring utility of Letairis for treatment of pulmonary hypertension secondary to IPF. 2. Safety and efficacy 
of Letairis will be determined in this placebo-controlled study with six-minute walk distance as primary efficacy 
endpoint. 3. Respiratory: 1. Cayston received conditional approval in EU and Canada. 1. Continues to work with 
FDA to determine path to approvability for product in US. 2. Head-to-head study of Cayston vs. TOBI, which 
would support full approval in EU and Canada and potentially support approval in US will be fully enrolled by this 
year-end with data available from that study toward middle of next year. 2. GS 9411 (epithelial sodium channel 
blocker or ENaC inhibitor): 1. Successfully completed two Phase I studies designed to assess safety of Single 
Ascending Dose of compound. 2. Now initiating multiple dose study in healthy volunteers, which would be 
completed by year-end. 3. Will initiate Single Ascending Dose study in patients with cystic fibrosis shortly. 4. As 
ENaC inhibitor: 1. Is designed to stimulate and increase airway hydration and therefore could have applications 
beyond use on patients with cystic fibrosis. 5. Based on positive data, safety data from Phase I studies, preparing 
to initiate proof-of-concept study in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. 3. Phase III study of 
Letairis for treatment of IPF is continuing to enroll patients. 4. Efforts in hepatitis C: 1. Current standard-of-care for 
treatment of patients with chronic hep-C is combination of peginterferon and ribavirin, but there are many patients 
that either do not respond to or cannot tolerate this regimen. 1. Focus of industry's effort in this area is to develop 
direct antivirals to increase cure rates to improve safety and tolerability and to reduce treatment duration. 2. 
Initially these new compounds are being developed as add-on to Peg/Riba therapy but shift in treatment paradigm 
will require combination antiviral therapy with much more limited or no use of Peg/Riba. 3. Focus to date has 
been to develop GS 9190, Co.'s polymerase inhibitor, on top Peg/Riba in Phase 2b program. 1. Research efforts 
have been focused on identification of other small molecule antivirals that Co. could develop in combination with 
GS 9190. 2. Identification of such a lead compound would prompt a shift in development strategy for GS 9190. 3. 
Now has that candidate in GS 9256, HCV protease inhibitor. 1. Due to this progress, decided that rather than 
pursue untested path with regulatory authorities of advancing 9190 into an accelerated Phase III program, will 
now focus resources on development of GS 9190 in combination with new protease inhibitor. 4. Will continue GS 
9190 Phase II study looking at 12 and 24 week SVR data, which Co. will have next year to see if GS 9190 has 
profile that would allow it to be further developed on back of Peg/Riba. 4. On new protease inhibitor, has not yet 
presented data. 5. Has sufficient comfort with emergent antiviral activity and safety profile of GS 9256 to advance 
it further in combination with 9190. 6. Caspase inhibitor, GS 9450, continues to make progress as a 
hepatoprotectant in HCV and NASH. 1. Positive results generated earlier this year from a Phase 2a study in 
patients with HCV supported compound's advancement into a Phase 2b trial, which is a randomized 
placebo-controlled multi-center study to investigate safety, tolerability and efficacy of two doses of GS 9450 or 
placebo in adults with chronic HCV infection. 2. Enrolling patients in this study. 1. Currently, more than a qtr. 
enrolled. 2. Study has 24-week efficacy endpoint as assessed by liver histology. 3. Recently completed dosing in 
a Phase 2a study of GS 9450 for NASH with data analysis ongoing. 1. This was a randomized, placebo-controlled 
multi-center study designed to investigate safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and activity of multiple doses of 
GS 9450 for four weeks. 2. Presenting data from both these Phase 2a studies at a major medical meeting in 
spring of next year. 5. HIV: 1. At the (indiscernible) conference in San Francisco in mid-Sept., had several posters 
on GS 9350, novel boosting agent including: 1. One describing chemical structure and properties of compound. 2. 
A poster describing its ability to boost Atazanavir, one of widely prescribed protease inhibitors to levels 
bioequivalent to those seen when boosted with ritonavir. 1. Above are important data as they supported Phase 2

Page 6 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
study design of GS 9350 vs. ritonavir in combination with Atazanavir and Truvada in HIV infected patients. 2. 
Recently completed required chronic animal tox for GS 9350, which supports continued development of this 
compound. 3. Quad and 9350 Phase II programs remain on track. 1. Expects data from both these studies early 
next year. 2. Should they provide results Co. anticipates, goal will be to initiate three full Phase III studies before 
midpoint of next year. 4. Elvitegravir Phase III study, head-to-head vs. raltegravir in treatment experienced HIV 
patients is soon to complete enrollment, which would put Co. on track for results of that study by early 2011. 5. 
Efforts to produce most optimized fixed dose formulation of Truvada with Tibotec's NNRTI drug candidate 
TMC278 has yielded two lead single table formulations and bioequivalence studies where both formulations are 
currently underway. 1. Clinical datasets that would support filing of fixed dose in addition to bioequivalence data 
are Phase III results from TMC278 head-to-head program vs. efavirenz in treatment-naive patients. 6. Tibotec has 
indicated that it will have data from these two studies before midpoint of next year, which would allow them to file 
for single agent of TMC278 for use in treatment-naive patients in 2H10. 7. When Co. announced collaboration in 
July, pending agreement with FDA, would submit marketing applications for fixed dose on Truvada and TMC278, 
either simultaneously or shortly thereafter in US and EU. 6. Summary: 1. Has number of exciting opportunities for: 
1. Label extensions of commercial product. 2. New clinical entities in development or arising from Co.'s research 
efforts. 
S5. 3Q09 Other Milestones (J.M.) 1. Highlights: 1. Over last two quarters, acquired CVT, successfully integrated 
their organization with GILD and began consolidating cardiovascular operations in California. 1. Despite all these 
potential distractions, able to continue to increase sales and move development candidates along. 2. Even able to 
reduce overall expenses more than anticipated. 2. Made progress in largest area of research, HCV, with 
movement of GS 9256, protease inhibitor into clinical studies in combination with GS 9190. 1. Has number of 
important clinical milestones in coming months: 1. Data from Phase III DAR-312 study of darusentan in resistant 
hypertension before year-end. 2. Will have Phase II results from both Quad and GS 9250 studies in HIV in early 
2010. 2. There are several important medical meetings between now and year-end including AASLD Conference 
in Boston, starting this month-end where Co. will present three-year data from both pivotal studies of Viread for 
treatment of HPV. 3. Will continue to focus commercial efforts on growth of marketed products, especially antiviral 
franchise and implementation of revamped commercial effort behind Ranexa for angina in US. 
QUESTION AND ANSWER SUMMARY 
OPERATOR: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. And 
our first question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with JPMorgan. Go ahead. 
GEOFF MEACHAM, ANALYST, JPMORGAN: Hey, guys, congrats on the quarter and thanks for taking the 
question. The question for you, I'm trying to reconcile product sales guidance with Kevin's comments on inventory 
and if I look at the guidance, it implies I think an incremental 35 million or so in 4Q sales and yet, Kevin, you noted 
on the call that 3 Q inventory levels were below normal -- or were at normal, so I'm just curious if you can give us 
some comments on both of those things. 
KEVIN YOUNG, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, COMMERCIAL OPERATIONS, GILEAD SCIENCES: So let 
me just go back to the inventory, Geoff, thanks for the question. As we said in Q2 earnings, there was a build up 
that was about four days of Truvada and Atripla because of wholesalers anticipating a July price increase, which 
we did, indeed, implement. That basically came out in the third quarter, so we're back to essentially business as 
usual with our HIV inventory levels. So, we think that will be, you know, maintained going into the fourth quarter 
and throughout the year. So unless there's some unanticipated events take place and, you know, we never know 
what's going to happen there in terms of the practices of our major wholesalers, our assumption going forward is 
that we would be operating at current levels of inventory through the fourth quarter. 
ROBIN WASHINGTON, CFO, GILEAD SCIENCES: Geoff, this is Robin. I'll also add just to be clear the new 
guidance is 6 billion, 350, so it actually increased 150 million. 
SUSAN HUBBARD, IR, GILEAD SCIENCES: Next question, operator. 
OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with Deutsche Bank. Go ahead. 
MARK SCHOENEBAUM, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Hi, everyone, thanks for taking my question. I really 
appreciate it. John, I'm fascinated by the R&D guidance. Can you give us a little more color as to how you were 
able to lower guidance? Was it efficiencies or was it reprioritization and maybe not doing some things you thought 
we were going to do? And I know you're not going to give forward guidance beyond '09, but in a big picture way 
we think about the Company, the R&D as a percent of revenues that you're seeing right now, is that a reasonable 
way to think about the Company over the next few years? Thanks a lot.

Page 7 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
JOHN MILLIGAN, PRESIDENT, COO, GILEAD SCIENCES: Thanks for the question, Mark. I'll try to remember all 
three parts to this. So on the first part of this -- on the first part, we were able to achieve a lower projected R&D 
spending based on really two things, one, we were able to drive greater synergies of the CV therapeutics 
acquisition than we had predicted, largely predicted by less hiring that would have occurred in our Colorado 
operations, offset by bringing some of the CVT people into our organization. So we were able to make the two 
organizations much more efficient much more quickly than we anticipated. The second part of that was are there 
other programs that we're not doing? The answer is there are. 
We had anticipated potentially going into a larger phase three study of GS 9190, pending the results from our GS 
9256 studies, the phase one studies that Norbert's team had been conducting and with the decision now to 
consolidate those two programs together to look at dual antiviral activity of a protease inhibitor, we've now 
delayed the potential phase three study pending the SVR 12 and SVR 24 week data from 9190. So those are 
costs that would have occurred this year that have been delayed depending on the outcome of that 9190 study. 
So those are the two things that we have been able to do to keep our costs in line. The last thing is where are we 
relative to where we should be? I do think we're investing very wisely in the different programs that we have 
ongoing and, again, I don't get fixated by a certain percentage of revenue or a certain percentage of an 
organization. I do think we're investing in the right thing and I think I agree with Norbert's assessment. We have a 
lot of exciting things in our pipeline and will continue to make wise choices as we invest in different opportunities 
for the future. 
MARK SCHOENEBAUM: Okay. Appreciate that. Thanks, John. 
OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Aberman with Credit Suisse. 
MICHAEL ABERMAN, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Hey, guys. Can you hear me okay? 
SUSAN HUBBARD: Sure can, Michael. 
MICHAEL ABERMAN: I guess can I get a clarification on the quarter again on the ADAP buying and what we've 
seen this quarter and whether, based on annual patterns of ADAP sales, whether you can expect some increased 
ADAP sales in fourth quarter based on what we've seen so far this year and whether that's a consideration in this 
guidance? 
KEVIN YOUNG: Hi, Michael, it's Kevin. There's always three components we look at in our HIV performance. 
Obviously there is the best measure, which is the prescription date. Demand data, the demand data and that was 
very robust. Depending on what you use, it was between 5 and 6% for the quarter. There was inventory levels 
and I just described the situation we had on that and thirdly there is the nonretail and a big component of that, the 
ADAP wholesaler purchases, so that's primarily Florida, Texas and Puerto Rico. 
In terms of the shape of 2009, we're seeing a very similar type of shape where we have the larger Q1 the lower 
Q2 and then business is returned in Q3, but I have to say that the sales in Q3 -- in other words, the second 
quarter of that financial year was actually very robust for this quarter compared to 2008. Typically when we look at 
the ordering patterns of ADAP, in that first two quarters, it's a little bit less than the second two quarters, in other 
words, Q4 and Q1. So, we're expecting pretty good performance even though we had a very good quarter for Q3. 
We're expecting a good -- a good Q4 and Q1. So, we're expecting kind of the same pattern as 2008 and 
expectation that just like underlying demand, the rest of the year is going to play out in a healthy way. 
MICHAEL ABERMAN: Okay. 
OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn with Banc of America. Go ahead. 
RACHEL MCMINN, ANALYST, BANC OF AMERICA: Yeah. Just to further expand on some of the HPV 
commentary. I guess I'm confused what it is you're waiting for. At this point you should have your 12 week safety 
data for 9190 and I understand you would want to see rates for 9190 if you're going to develop it alone, but once 
you have the 12 week safety data, isn't that sufficient to start combination data with your protease or do you need 
additional protease data before you can start those trials? 
NORBERT BISCHOFBERGER, CSO, GILEAD SCIENCES: Rachel, it's Norbert. Thanks for the question. So 
what we -- what we're doing is we are really refocusing from developing 9190 on top of peg/riva. The same 
strategy going down the road and we're refocusing our effort to look at combinations, more molecule antivirals. So 
we have the protease inhibitor, 9256 and what we're currently doing is a drug interaction study between the two. 
You're entirely correct, we have enough safety data, both preclinical talks information and clinical data on the 
9190 by itself so that we could go afterwards into combination therapy.

Page 8 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
RACHEL MCMINN: Okay. 
NORBERT BISCHOFBERGER: Does that answer your question? 
RACHEL MCMINN: Well, just to wrap that up, then, so you don't actually need to wait for SVR data from 9190 
before you proceed into combination studies? 
NORBERT BISCHOFBERGER: No, no. And, those -- it's almost -- you think of it as a parallel development 
opportunity, so we could look at 9190 in combination with peg/riva for which the SVR data would be relevant, but 
for the combination 9190 with our protease inhibitor, we don't really need any of those data to move ahead. That's 
correct. 
RACHEL MCMINN: Okay. Thanks very much. 
OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Heron Huber with Citi. 
KARIM DEFILIPE, ANALYST, CITI INVESTMENT RESEARCH: It's actually Karim Defilipe. I have a question on 
potential guideline changes. Is that something -- I'm just wondering if there is any update, if we could hear of 
guideline changes to treat HIV patients based on the accord study, is that something we could hear about in Croy 
or around that time frame? Is there any update in that sense? 
KEVIN YOUNG: Hi, it's Kevin. I think our guess is as good as yours. I think we get a sense around our HIV world 
that there is probably a better chance of those guidelines changing. What they will look like in terms of the actual 
wording, we don't know and we don't know the actual timing on that, either. Obviously there are somewhere in the 
region of about 100,000 patients in the US, about 80,000 patients in the European big five markets that would, 
come under new guidelines if they were taken up to a 500 CD4 level, so obviously that's an opportunity for our 
HIV franchise. I think that together with, as John Martin mentioned, the Ryan White extension for another four 
years, I think those two coming together at some point would be a real sense of confidence and boost to the HIV 
community to be treating more patients. So we have a sense of anticipation that there may be eventually a 
guideline change. 
KARIM DEFILIPE: Thank you very much. 
OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Borgess with Bernstein. Go ahead. 
GEOFF PORGES, ANALYST, BERNSTEIN: Question on the cash for the two Johns. You've got 3.3 billion in 
cash now and 89 million in the quarter and you've cut your R&D spend, so your cash is going to double 
essentially over the next year. Should we think that you're just going to continue to do the relatively small on 
acquisitions, but more importantly, have contemplated any accelerated share repurchase or another one or even 
considering a dividend? How are you going to use this cash that's just going to accumulate? 
ROBIN WASHINGTON: Hi, Geoff, this is Robin Washington. Again, as we've always said, we always are looking 
at potential opportunities to end license or acquire as well as continue to find other ways to strategically get that 
cash to our shareholders and one has been share buy backs. We've been consistent and it's showing that we are 
buying on a regular basis to cover over and above dilution, but also we've been strategic relative to accelerated 
share repurchases. So it's something that we review all the time. We do feel that relative to the cash we're 
generating, we have a capability to do both now and going forward and we'll continue to evaluate alternatives as 
we go. I will point out on the 860 million, that is a rate that is somewhat higher relative to our kind of run rate of 6 
or 700 million just due to the fact that we have a significant amount of accruals and higher net income. 
We also are generating about, I'd say about 52% of that cash is related to off shore cash that gets generated 
which gives us a little less flexibility relative to immediate usage. I'd say overall we continue to analyze and look at 
our strategy and will continue on an ongoing basis as we work with our management team and our board on other 
alternative uses. 
OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Schimmer with Leerink Swann. Go ahead. 
JOSHUA SCHIMMER, ANALYST, LEERINK SWANN: Thanks for taking the question. I was curious about the 
ADAP price freeze that I believe is set to expire in 2010. What do you expect will happen when that goes up, is 
there any catch up, is there any opportunity for future price increases? Thanks. 
KEVIN YOUNG: Our commitment to the ADAPs program goes right to the end of 2010 and I think, Joshua, we'll 
obviously have to consider what want to do for the federal part of our market, so I think it will be a -- you know, a

Page 9 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
measured decision and what -- what we try to do in the best interests of providing our drugs for people who are 
underserved. So I think that will come down to kind of a corporate decision. 
JOHN MILLIGAN: Josh, one thing to remember is that those price increases would still be tied to CPI at the time 
which has been lower negative in recent quarters. So I don't expect that to really add on significant amounts to 
the business. 
JOSHUA SCHIMMER: Okay. Fair. Thanks. 
OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Harr with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead. 
STEVE HARR, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Good afternoon. Can you guys give us an update on what is a 
rate limiting step for filing TMC 278 as a single pill and what it is that you have outstanding from your two 
formulations or tablets that you're looking at right now? 
NORBERT BISCHOFBERGER: Steve, it's Norbert. Essentially we need three pieces, so first of all the application 
for 278 itself has to be filed and as I said in my -- previously the data should be available sometime early next 
year and then the filing should go in middle of next year. The second piece is we need a completed by equivalent 
study and as I said that by equivalent study is ongoing and the third piece is really just stability data on the 
coformulated tablet and all of that will be in place, you know, by the middle of next year. So the only thing -- if we 
get all these three pieces, then we just have to have a conversation with FDA and see whether they allow us a 
simultaneous filing particularly with regards to work at the review division. 
OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Kantor with RBC Capital Markets. Go ahead. 
JASON KANTOR, ANALYST, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I'm still a little 
confused on the HCV program. So protease inhibitor, that is or is not currently in patients? And when you think 
about a combination approach, are you going directly to -- can these be coformulated as a fixed dose combination 
and when do you think you'll actually be in kind of a proper phase two combination study with the two drugs? 
NORBERT BISCHOFBERGER: So Jason, thanks for the question. So just to make it clear, the HCV protease 
inhibitor is in clinical development. We obviously have completed the initial stages and we're happy with the PK, 
with the emergent safety and efficacy data and now we're at the point of doing a drug interaction study with an 
inhibitor and then move into a combination therapy. In terms of what we're thinking about, really two or three 
possibilities. You could think about completely very much shortening the peg/riva treatment durations or do 
something like an induction maintenance approach where we use peg/riva for four weeks with the two antivirals 
and then peel off the peg/riva and continue with the antivirals. 
If they are potent enough, you can think about using them by itself. For instance, in that population where peg/riva 
is contraindicate and the third is in combination with peg/riva to increase SVR rates and again, it all depends on 
the emerging combination antiviral data. The timing -- you also asked me about the timing, that's still -- I don't 
want to mention that now, but it depends on the number of things, but it should be sometime first half of next year. 
JASON KANTOR: So you're going to be pursuing two investigational drugs ultimately into a phase three program 
with two drugs neither of which is approved? 
NORBERT BISCHOFBERGER: If the two -- if the profile of the two drugs both the potency and the safety is 
acceptable, then, yes, that is our intent. 
JASON KANTOR: Okay. Thank you. 
OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Davis Bu with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead. 
DAVIS BU, ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS: Thank you for taking the call -- the question. I guess the question I 
had was if you could add anymore color on the impact on the economy on sales. I know that you've talked about 
some of the ADAP purchasing habits, for instance, but maybe is there any pressure on the ADAPs themselves? 
Are you seeing more demand for your own safety net programs and, you know -- what's going on internationally? 
KEVIN YOUNG: Hi, Dave. I'll just comment on our so-called patient assistance programs, safety net as you 
referred to. We have not seen any creep up in our HIV products over the last five quarters in terms of, you know, 
demand from patients who have been unable to get drug buy of the insurance or federal means, so we have not 
seen an increase in Atripla or Truvada. The only increase in our patient assistance programs that we have seen 
recently is actually Viread and that is for the hepatitis B patients. There are some very small ADAP waiting lists

Page 10 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
out there in about six states currently, but they are in states where there is a very low prevalence of HIV. For 
example, Montana, Idaho, so these are very small states in terms of the big picture of HIV. 
JOHN MILLIGAN: And, Davis, I just wanted to mention, you asked about the ADA P program and the economy in 
general. Clearly we don't think that the economy is having much, if any, impact on our business as Kevin 
mentioned. With regard to the AIDS drug assistance programs, actually there's been good progress in Congress, 
particularly the senate with the Ryan White treatment extension act. The senate passed that bill last night. It's now 
going to the house and is expected to be voted on perhaps tomorrow by the house and so that's an important 
extension of the funding which would occur for an additional four years or through 2013 with a -- providing an 
across the board 5% increase in funding. 
So we think this is a very positive movement for that -- for that treatment act and importantly in this act there is 
also provision for increased testing where at the federal level there will be a mandate to test 5 million people per 
year. So in addition to what states and localities are doing, so we think that will be an important way to test and 
then link people to care within the provisions for the new Ryan White treatment extension act. 
DAVIS BU: Okay, thank you. 
OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau with Cowen and Company. 
PHIL NADEAU, ANALYST, COWEN & COMPANY: Good afternoon, thanks for taking my question. There's some 
discussion this afternoon about a dear doctor level that was sent out in the GS 9350 phase two trial, can you 
confirm whether that was true, disclose what was in the letter and discuss if there was any impact to the time lines 
for either 9350 or the impact to the time lines for either 9350 or the quad pill. 
NORBERT BISCHOFBERGER: News travels fast. It was not a dear doctor level, it was a letter to investigators. 
What this relates to is the solubility of 9350, which is very pH dependent. As the pH rises, the solubility goes 
down. When we reviewed these months ago, we made a decision that we would do a drug interaction study of 
looking at the effect of administering GS 9350 together with, for instance, proton pump inhibitors to make sure 
that first of all there is not an interaction and second and even more importantly that whatever little interaction 
there might be, that it doesn't lead to different boosting profiles of 9350. Meanwhile, in order to be super 
conservative, we have written a letter to investigators and asked them to separate the administration of 9350 from 
antacid or pump inhibitors or whatever other things that would change -- increase the pH of the stomach. Having 
that said, I am very confident that this is not an issue and, also, I wanted to tell you that the DSMB recently met, 
actually a few weeks ago, reviewed safety and efficacy data and they came to the conclusion that the study is on 
track and should continue. 
PHIL NADEAU: Okay. Just so I'm clear, there was no actual interaction between PPIs and 9350. You've done this 
kind of proactively? 
NORBERT BISCHOFBERGER: No, so the only -- Phil, the only thing that this relates to, this is a reaction to in 
vitro dissolution data. Other than that, we don't have any other information. 
PHIL NADEAU: Okay. 
NORBERT BISCHOFBERGER: But we are -- but we are doing -- we're currently doing a study to look at the 
effect of GS 9350 boosted with or without proton pump inhibitors to make sure we understand what the increased 
pH of the stomach, what the effect of that is on our quad. 
PHIL NADEAU: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Russo with Baird. 
TOM RUSSO, ANALYST, ROBERT W. BAIRD: Good afternoon. I don't think anybody has asked about Tamiflu 
yet. Roche and Glaxo have said that they expect swine flu revenues to maintain. I know you don't control those, 
but see a benefit. Do you have any thoughts you would share on the sustainability let's say over the midterm? 
JOHN MILLIGAN: Tom, I think we have to leave that all to Roche because they have the greatest visibility on 
what's going to happen with Tamiflu, especially in the consumer market outside of the pandemic planning. I am 
pleased with the effort that Roche has been putting forth and the new team that is working on Tamiflu, so I hope 
that you're right and this is sustainable, but it's not something that we have as much visibility as we would typically 
have with our other products, so I can't comment further. 
TOM RUSSO: Thanks.

Page 11 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Birchenough with Barclays Capital. Go ahead. 
JIM BIRCHENOUGH, ANALYST, BARCLAYS CAPITAL: Hi, guys, just a bit more follow-up on the HCV program. 
I just want to understand the decision to deprioritize development with peg/riva. That's not driven by any negative 
data in that combination. I'm trying to understand why wouldn't you do -- take both paths, do combination with the 
existing standard of care as well as with other direct antivirals? I'm wondering why you're going to forcefully in one 
direction and then I'm also a little confused on what is a registration program look like for two investigational drugs 
to try and get a combo approved. 
KEVIN YOUNG: Jim, thanks for the questions. I just want to make clear we didn't deprioritize the 9190 peg/riva 
program. We simply decided instead of super accelerating it and going into a phase three study right now without 
any SVR data -- and by the way, there is -- not only is there no precedent for this from the regulatory point of 
view, but the FDA has repeatedly stated that they want SVR data to -- from the phase two study to initiate phase 
three, so instead of spending the money there, we would focus on looking at 9190 in combination with 9256. So 
you are absolutely correct. We are actually doing both. We're simply -- 9190 with peg/riva is on its merry way, 
we're waiting for the SVR data and then make a decision based on that whether we're going to put it into a phase 
three program, but in parallel, in addition, we're looking at 9190 and 9256. So, Jim, just one other comment on the 
development of two experimental agents. 
Of course, at one point along the way, you have to show the contribution of each individual agent and prove that 
the two together are better than either one alone and that, you know, it still needs to be a discussion with 
regulatory agencies, but we're thinking, given the nature of HCV that it's a viral disease, there's a lot of precedent 
from HIV that that could be potentially something you could do in phase two rather than in phase three. So that's 
kind of our thinking, but again, it has to evolve and we have not had a conversation with regulatory authorities 
about this. 
JOHN MILLIGAN: Jim, there is plenty of precedent for this in HIV. In fact, the Quad has two experimental agents 
in it. So it is something that the antiviral division is used to dealing with. 
JIM BIRCHENOUGH: Great. Thanks, guys. 
OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Holly with Oppenheimer. Go ahead. 
BRETT HOLLY, ANALYST, OPPENHEIMER: Yes, thanks for taking the question. I'm wondering what might be 
the earliest time line for having combo data and how you might communicate it to us, I'm wondering when we 
might see the first data for 9256? 
KEVIN YOUNG: Brett, I don't want to give you a specific answer, so we're currently doing the drug interaction 
study between the two agents and based on the results of that, we would then move into a combination study. 
The reason why I'm a little bit evasive on this is because there is some conflicting information from various 
geographies including EMEA guidance documents recently about the need for combination talk studies and 
depending on what regulatory authorities ultimately decide is needed to go into a combination study will in part 
determine our timing. There was a guidance document recently by EMEA, and they said they needed three 
months of combination tox data and that would of course mean that that the initiation of that study would be 
delayed. 
BRETT HOLLY: I was just wondering -- 
KEVIN YOUNG: As we have more clarity on this and as things move along, we'll keep you informed. 
OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one more question. Our last question comes from the line 
of John Sonnier with William Blair. Go ahead. 
JOHN SONNIER, ANALYST, WILLIAM BLAIR: Thanks for taking the question. This is actually for Kevin. You 
mentioned screening initiatives and guideline changes for earlier starts. Another source of growth for you has 
been a back of your switches and it felt like this year there was maybe less consensus around the cardiovascular 
risks than the year prior. Can you comment on that and whether or not you've seen a change in the rate of 
switching? 
KEVIN YOUNG: Currently, out there in the US, John, in the -- in Q2, there was about 63,000 Epzicom patients, so 
there's still quite a number. We still from a promotional point of view are raising cardiovascular risk and the 
patients that the physician is tackling in terms of HIV therapy. So it's still there as part of our interaction with the 
physician and it's certainly part of our medical education programs. You know, also, I think, you know, I think -- I

Page 12 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
still think there's going to be studies that emerge and databases that emerge, you know, going forward so we'll 
have to see what happens later this year. The EACS Meeting or going into CROI, et cetera, so I think people still 
continue to look at their databases from the point of view of cardiovascular risk, but it's something that is still part 
of our discussions and with such a low level of (Inaudible) use in the naive patient, I think you can see that -- 
whether it be Atripla or Truvada, you know, the choice is very much with the Gilead products. 
JOHN SONNIER: Thanks. 
OPERATOR: Miss Hubbard at this point we have run out of time for additional questions. 
SUSAN HUBBARD: Thank you, Melanie and thanks, everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your continued 
interest in the Gilead and we certainly recognize that we couldn't get to everybody's questions on today's call, so 
we'll all be back in our offices shortly and happy to address any further questions. Thanks. 
OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. That does conclude 
the presentation. You may disconnect. Have a wonderful day. 
[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web 
site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. 
In the conference calls upon which Event Briefs are based, companies may make projections or other 
forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current 
expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any 
forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified 
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the 
assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove 
inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the 
forward-looking statements will be realized. 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT BRIEFS REFLECTS THOMSON FINANCIAL'S SUBJECTIVE 
CONDENSED PARAPHRASE OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND THERE MAY BE 
MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE 
CONFERENCE CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY 
ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE 
INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT BRIEF. USERS ARE ADVISED TO 
REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S 
SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.] 
Document FNDW000020091103e5ak001v5

Page 13 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Event Brief of Q2 2009 Gilead Sciences Earnings Conference Call - Final 
Event Brief of Q2 2009 Gilead Sciences Earnings Conference Call - Final 
9,906 words 
21 July 2009 
CQ FD Disclosure 
FNDW 
English 
©2009 by CQ Transcriptions, LLC. All rights reserved. 
PARTICIPANTS 
. Susan Hubbard, Gilead Sciences, VP, IR . John Martin, Gilead Sciences, Chairman, CEO . Norbert 
Bischofberger, Gilead Sciences, CSO, EVP of R&D . Robin Washington, Gilead Sciences, SVP, CFO . Kevin 
Young, Gilead Sciences, EVP, Commercial Operations . John Milligan, Gilead Sciences, President, COO . Geoff 
Porges, Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc., Analyst . Mark Schoenebaum, Deutsche Bank, Analyst . Bret 
Holley, Oppenheimer & Co., Analyst . Thomas Wei, Piper Jaffray & Co., Analyst . Geoff Meacham, JPMorgan, 
Analyst . Yaron Werber, Citigroup, Analyst . Michael Aberman, Credit Suisse, Analyst . Ian Somaiya, Thomas 
Weisel Partners, Analyst . Philip Nadeau, Cowen & Company, Analyst . Maged Shenouda, UBS, Analyst . Josh 
Schimmer, Leerink Swann & Company, Analyst . Joel Sendek, Lazard Capital Markets, Analyst . Jason Kantor, 
RBC Capital Markets, Analyst . Tom Russo, Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc., Analyst . Sapna Srivastava, 
Morgan Stanley, Analyst 
OVERVIEW 
GILD reported 2Q09 total revenues, including product sales and royalty, contract and other revenues of $1.65b, 
net income of $571m or $0.61 per share. 
FINANCIAL DATA 
A. Key Data From Call 1. 2Q09 total revenues (including product sales and royalty, contract and other revenues) 
= $1.65b. 2. 2Q09 net income = $571m. 3. 2Q09 non-GAAP net income (excluding impact of after-tax 
acquisition-related expenses, restructuring expenses and stock-based compensation expenses) = $649m. 4. 
2Q09 net income per share = $0.61. 5. 2Q09 non-GAAP net income per share (excluding impact of after-tax 
acquisition-related expenses, restructuring expenses and stock-based compensation expenses) = $0.69. 6. Cash, 
cash equivalents and marketable securities as of 06/30/09 = $2.9b. 7. 2Q09 stock repurchase = 5.3m shares of 
common stock at a cost of $238m. 
PRESENTATION SUMMARY 
S1. 2Q09 Business Update (J.M.) 1. Highlights: 1. Product revenues and non-GAAP EPS reached record highs of 
$1.57b and $0.69 respectively. 2. Operating cash flow, more than $620m. 3. Antiviral Franchise: 1. Continued its 
momentum in gaining share across all commercial markets. 1. Reached record revenue of $1.41b. 2. Atripla 
received reimbursement in France, allowing to launch product in May. 1. France represents largest market in EU, 
with nearly 140,000 HIV infected patients. 2. Will be yet another contributor to continued growth of this franchise. 
2. Management Update: 1. Closed CV Therapeutics (CVT) acquisition and made several management decisions 
to integrate Palo Alto employees into GILD. 1. Realigned reporting structure of combined cardiovascular 
organization under Norbert Bischofberger's leadership. 1. Luiz Belardinelli from CVT has been named to Senior 
VP of Cardiovascular Therapies overseeing cardiovascular R&D efforts and reporting to Norbert Bischofberger. 2. 
Louis Lange assumed part-time advisory role within organization providing his experience, expertise and 
knowledge about cardiovascular products and programs. 1. Believes, these changes will best position for 
continued growth in productivity in this therapeutic category. 2. Moved medical affairs to report to Gregg Alton, 
who also is responsible for government affairs, public affairs, international access operations and legal affairs 
functions. 1. This structure will allow to continue to have positive influence on health policy and deliver scientific 
and medical information to benefit healthcare communities GILD serves. 2. In conjunction with Gregg Alton's 
broader role, Brett Pletcher was promoted to General Counsel. 1. Brett Pletcher most recently served as VP 
Legal Affairs, focusing primarily on legal support for corporate development, finance, research, human resources, 
governance, manufacturing and clinical operations. 3. As Co. enters 2H09, is confident about the strength of 
organization to drive future success given scientific and commercial progress achieved YTD. 
S2. 2Q09 R&D Progress (N.B.) 1. Overview: 1. On R&D front, continued to make significant progress with 
pipeline. 2. Advancements: 1. Initiation and completion of enrollment of two important Phase II studies in HIV

Page 14 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
infected patients. 1. First study is evaluating quad drug, fixed dose regimen of Truvada, elvitegravir and GS 9350 
vs. Atripla. 2. Second, head-to-head study of GS 9350, novel-boosting agent vs. ritonavir. 1. These are both 
24-week primary end-point studies, which should be completed by year-end. 2. There has been significant 
enthusiasm from investigators surrounding these studies. 3. Will target having full data sets presented at scientific 
conference early next year. 2. Phase III study of elvitegravir head-to-head vs. ratelgravir in treatment-experienced 
patients is now more than 60% enrolled. 1. Is on target to complete enrollment in this study before this year-end. 
3. Continues to pursue strategies to bring forward additional and improved options for patients with HIV. 1. This is 
demonstrated by announcement last week with Tibotec to develop fixed dose combination of GILD's Truvada with 
Tibotec's NNRTI drug candidate TMC278. 2. If approved, this new product will become the second complete 
antiretroviral treatment regimen for HIV besides Atripla available in single tablet taken once daily. 3. Initiated 
co-formulation work prior to completion of the agreement with Tibotec and has now identified and produced two 
formulations of fixed dose combination. 4. Completed animal PK studies. 1. Progressing these two formulations 
toward human bioequivalence studies. 2. Data from these studies along with supporting stability data will form 
basis for regulatory filing of fixed dose combination sometime later next year. 3. ANDA filing of TMC278 itself will 
be supported with data from two pivotal studies in treatment naive patients that Tibotec currently has underway. 
3. Studies: 1. In April, presented 96-week data from both Viread for HBV pivotal studies. 1. Had poster 
presentation of Phase I data of GS 9450, caspase inhibitor in healthy volunteers at European Association for 
Study of the Liver (EASL) Conference. 2. GS 9450 has now progressed into Phase IIb study, which is evaluating 
two doses of drug vs. placebo in 240 HCV infected patients with efficacy assessed by histology. 3. Continuing to 
evaluate GS 9450 as potential treatment for NASH in Phase IIa study. 2. At American Thoracic Society 
Conference in San Diego in May, there were five presentations on Letairis, including first presentation of data 
from ARIES-3 study evaluating Letairis therapy in patients with pulmonary hypertension of diverse ideologies. 3. 
At American Society of Hypertension Conference in San Francisco in May, presented data in late-breaker session 
from Study 311, first darusentan Phase III study in patients with resistant hypertension. 1. Completed enrollment 
in Study 312, second pivotal study. 1. Will have data by year-end. 4. EU marketing application for regadenoson, 
investigational pharmacologic stress agent for radionuclide myocardial perfusion imaging was filed and validated. 
1. Is currently under review. 2. Received positive opinion for conditional approval from European Committee for 
Medicinal Products for Human Use, Scientific Committee of European Medicines Agency on aztreonam for 
inhalation for cystic fibrosis. 3. On 07/20/09, was notified by regulatory agency in Canada that product has 
received notice of compliance for recommendation for approval in that territory as well. 1. Anticipates European 
Commission and Canadian approval for aztreonam trade named azactam in 2H09. 4. DART Study: 1. On 
07/21/09, important data from landmark five-year trial developing antiretroviral therapy for Africa (DART) were 
presented during late-breaker session at fifth International AIDS Society Conference in Cape Town, South Africa. 
2. DART trial evaluated more than 3,300 patients with advanced HIV disease in Uganda and Zimbabwe. 1. In this 
study, patients received antiretroviral therapy and were randomized to clinical and laboratory monitoring or to 
clinical monitoring only with 74% of patients receiving Viread-containing regimen. 2. Without treatment, 
researchers estimated that more than 90% of DART patients would have died within these five years. 1. After five 
years of receiving combination HIV therapy, 88% of participants were still alive, one of the best survival rates 
observed in HIV treatment program or study conducted in Africa. 3. Viread was well tolerated during five years of 
the study. 1. Side effects, similar in patients who received routine laboratory monitoring and those who did not. 4. 
DART researchers concluded that laboratory monitoring, including kidney monitoring tests for Viread may not be 
necessary in resources limited settings when using the product as part of first-line HIV treatment regimen. 5. 
Provides additional clinical evidence that HIV treatment utilizing Viread helps to extend life in developing countries 
where AIDS epidemic has hit the hardest. 5. CVT: 1. As Co. works through integration of CVT, it became clear 
that there were areas of overlap between Colorado and Palo Alto organizations and that cardiovascular R&D 
activities would be most productively managed at one site. 1. Consequently, decided to close Colorado facility. 1. 
Chose Palo Alto site due to its proximity to headquarters in Foster City. 6. Cardiovascular Portfolio: 1. Completed 
first comprehensive review of now considerable combined cardiovascular portfolio. 1. Is in process of focusing 
activities on most promising projects and programs. 
S3. 2Q09 Financial Review (R.W.) 1. Results: 1. Total revenues, including product sales and royalty, contract and 
other revenues, $1.65b, 29% increase YoverY. 2. Net income, $571m or $0.61 per share. 3. Non-GAAP net 
income, excluding impact of after-tax acquisition-related expenses, restructuring expenses and stock-based 
compensation expenses, $649m or $0.69 per share, representing YoverY increase in net income and EPS of 
38% and 43% respectively. 4. Operating cash flows, $623m. 2. Product Sales: 1. Product sales, $1.57b. 2. 
Antiviral product sales grew to $1.41b, up 26% YoverY and 5% sequentially. 1. Truvada sales contributed $608m 
to antiviral product sales, up 18% YoverY and 3% sequentially, due primarily to sales volume growth in US and 
Europe. 2. Atripla contributed $569m to antiviral product sales. 1. Atripla sales increased 60% YoverY and 12% 
sequentially resulting from continued uptake of this product in US and Europe, including launch of Atripla in 
France this qtr. 2. Efavirenz portion of Atripla, purchased from BMS at its estimated market price and reflected in 
COGS, approx. $208m. 3. Viread sales, $159m. 1. YoverY increase of 5%. 2. Sequential decrease of 1%. 4.

Page 15 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Hepsera sales, $67m, decrease of 26% YoverY and 8% sequentially. 5. Letairis sales, $44m, up 79% YoverY and 
11% sequentially, driven primarily by sales volume growth in US. 6. Ranexa sales, $36m from 04/15/09, the 
acquisition date of CVT to 2Q09-end. 3. Foreign currency exchange had net unfavorable impact of $50m on 
revenues vs. 2Q08. 1. Sequentially, foreign currency exchange did not have significant impact on revenues. 4. 
US wholesalers increased their inventory levels for Atripla and Truvada. 1. Given that retail demand was 
consistent with prescription demand and revenue growth during the qtr., there is possibility that US wholesalers 
may decrease their inventory levels for Atripla and Truvada in 2H09. 3. Other Revenues: 1. Royalty contract and 
other revenues, $79m. 1. Up 29% YoverY. 2. Down 5% sequentially. 1. YoverY increase was primarily driven by 
increased Tamiflu sales related to pandemic planning initiatives worldwide. 2. Sequential decrease was primarily 
due to recognition of $24m of deferred revenues in 1Q related to one of Co.'s collaborations. 2. Royalties received 
from Roche and recognized in 2Q09 revenues, $52m. 1. These royalties paid one qtr. in arrears reflect royalty 
rate of approx. 15% as applied to Roche's Tamiflu net sales during its 1Q09. 4. Margins & Expenses: 1. 
Annotation: 1. All margin and expense-related items are on non-GAAP basis, which excludes effect of acquisition 
restructuring and stock-based compensation expenses. 2. Product GM, 76.9% vs.: 1. 78.8% for 2Q08. 2. 77.6% 
for 1Q09. 1. YoverY and sequential decreases were due primarily to higher proportion of Atripla sales, including 
efavirenz component at zero GM. 3. Operating margin, 52.4% vs.: 1. 51.1% for 2Q08. 2. 55.5% sequentially. 1. 
Sequential operating margins were negatively impacted by operating results from CVT acquisition and lower 
product GMs. 4. R&D expenses, $206m, up: 1. 28% YoverY. 2. 20% sequentially. 1. YoverY and sequential 
increase were due primarily to increased clinical study activity in compensation and benefit expenses due to 
acquisition. 5. SG&A expenses, $213m, up 6% YoverY due primarily to higher headcount and expenses from 
acquisition. 1. Sequentially, increased 16% due primarily to increased promotional expenses, higher headcount 
and expenses associated with acquisition. 1. Excluding these expenses, SG&A was essentially flat sequentially. 
6. Other income and expense reflected net expense of $6m vs.: 1. $2m for 2Q08. 2. $13m for 1Q09. 1. YoverY 
and sequential other income and expense was favorably impacted by lower hedging expenses in 2Q09, partially 
offset by lower YoverY interest income due to lower investment yields. 5. Tax: 1. Effective tax rate, 24.7% vs.: 1. 
28.3% for 2Q08. 2. 26.3% for 1Q09. 1. YoverY and sequential decreases were driven primarily by resolution of 
certain audits for tax authorities and increased earnings in lower tax jurisdictions. 6. Purchase Accounting & 
Restructuring Impacts of Acquisition: 1. $951m of the $1.4b acquisition price was allocated to intangible assets 
related to CVT marketed products, Ranexa and Lexiscan. 2. Capitalized $180m of in-process, R&D intangible 
assets in accordance with guidance of newly effective SFAS 141R. 3. In addition to organizational changes, 
developed and communicated restructuring plan to: 1. Realize headcount and facilities synergy between GILD 
and CVT. 2. Realign cardiovascular operations. 4. Identified significant opportunities in SG&A due to acquisition 
that more than offset incremental sales and marketing investments Co. intends to make to execute on commercial 
Ranexa strategy. 5. Finalized plans to close Colorado-based cardiovascular research facility by this year-end and 
consolidate it with Palo Alto facility. 1. Believes these changes will allow to more efficiently and effectively support 
ongoing initiatives of combined-Co. 6. In accordance with SFAS 146, accounts for restructuring expenses as 
liabilities are incurred and recorded $18m of after-tax restructuring expenses, primarily impacting SG&A in 2Q. 1. 
Expects to incur additional restructuring expenses through 2010 as Co. completes this plan. 7. Balance Sheet: 1. 
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of 06/30/09, $2.9b. 2. Operating cash flow, $623m. 3. 
Utilized: 1. $1.25b in net cash to fund acquisition, including $400m borrowed under credit facility. 2. $305m in 
cash to extinguish substantially all convertible senior notes assumed in acquisition. 4. Repurchased 5.3m shares 
of common stock at a cost of $238m. 1. As of 06/30/09, had approx. $530m remaining for share repurchases 
under $3b share repurchase program scheduled to expire at 2010-end. 5. Continues with commitment to review 
opportunities to leverage cash position to expand business and to return value to shareholders. 8. 2009 
Guidance: 1. Annotation: 1. All guidance metrics include operations acquired from CVT. 2. Non-GAAP product 
GM and OpEx guidance excludes impact of acquisition, restructuring and stock-based compensation expenses 
where applicable. 2. Based on momentum of antiviral franchise and addition of Ranexa to cardiovascular revenue 
stream, increasing net product revenue guidance from $5.9-6.0b to $6.1-6.2b, 20-22% increase over 2008 net 
product revenues. 3. Factors that may have an impact on business include, but are not limited to: 1. Potential for 
continued volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. 2. US and International government pricing pressures. 3. 
Changes in financial health and/or practices of business partners and customers. 4. Other factors that were 
considered in updating product revenue guidance includes potential for decrease in inventory levels of Atripla and 
Truvada in US following increase in 2Q and impact of competitive generic entry of Viread into Brazilian market. 5. 
Non-GAAP product GM guidance for 2009 remains unchanged, 76-78%. 6. Increasing non-GAAP R&D expenses 
from $800-820m to $850-870m. 1. Guidance includes portion of anticipated R&D expense reimbursements 
payable to Tibotec for development costs associated with TMC278 as previously announced. 7. Increasing 
non-GAAP SG&A expenses from $720-740m to $810-830m, approx. 12% increase over previous guidance and 
relates entirely to incremental integration and operational expenses resulting from CVT acquisition. 1. Rapidly 
identified synergies between two organizations, which will allow to remain focused on effective expense 
management across GILD. 8. Effective tax rate, expected to remain in range of 26-27%. 9. Increasing diluted 
EPS impact of acquisition restructuring and stock-based compensation expense from $0.14-0.16 to $0.23-0.26.

Page 16 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
S4. 2Q09 Commercial Operations (K.Y.) 1. Note: 1. Presented data is most recent available for analysis of market 
share in US and Europe. 2. Highlights: 1. US HIV revenues performed strongly led by: 1. Atripla at $398m, up 
27% YoverY. 2. Truvada at $286m, up 21% YoverY. 2. In 1Q09, number of patients being treated with 
antiretroviral therapy grew by 7% on moving-annual total basis to approx. 569,000 patients. 1. Truvada 
maintained its position as backbone of choice for antiviral therapy in US with 203,000 patients on therapy or 36% 
of all treated patients. 3. Atripla remained the most prescribed regimen in HIV with 188,000 patients on therapy or 
33% of all treated patients. 4. Atripla, together with Truvada, continued to account for approx. 86% of new 
patients to therapy. 1. Up from 84% last qtr. 5. Atripla remained Number 1 regimen capturing approx. 54% of 
treatment-naive patients, up from 45% in last qtr. 6. Continues to see changes in prescriber behavior based on 
last year's changes in DHHS Treatment Guidelines. 7. Lexiscan share continued to decline, falling from 12% of 
naive patients in 1Q08 to 4% in 1Q09. 3. Europe: 1. Pleased with performance of all HIV products in Europe with 
sales of Atripla of $155m. 1. Up 24% sequentially. 2. Since listing of public price, for Atripla on May 5, early 
indicators from France are encouraging. 1. 95% of all major HIV hospitals have already ordered Atripla. 1. Each 
of the Top 32 HIV treating centers in Paris have begun prescribing. 2. In big five countries of Europe, approx. 
24% of patients receiving Atripla converted from Truvada to Sustiva, while 35% were switches from other 
regimens and 41% of patients starting treatment were naive patients. 3. Truvada continued to build on solid base 
throughout EU and remained Number 1 brand in all big five markets. 1. Truvada contributed $288m in revenues, 
up [19%] from 2Q08. 4. Atripla, together with Truvada or total Truvada, increased its share to approx. 75% of 
treatment-naive patients, while Kivexa share continued to decline to 10% at 2Q09-end. 1. Down from approx. 
16% in 2Q08. 5. Total Truvada achieved new highs in NRTI market outperforming Kivexa with prescription ratio of 
3.2 to 1 in April, 2009. 1. Up from 2.5 to 1 in April, 2008. 6. Comparable to US, big five countries of Europe 
continued to demonstrate robust growth. 1. At 1Q09-end, 277,000 patients being treated with antiretrovirals, 
representing growth rate of 7% on moving annual-total basis. 4. Hepatitis Franchise: 1. US: 1. As of April, 2009, 
Viread achieved 34% naive-patient share in HBV market. 1. Just 3 percentage points behind current market 
leader Entecavir. 2. Estimated total Viread HBV prescriptions grew by 24% from 1Q09 to 2Q09. 1. Looks forward 
to presentation of 144-week data from pivotal studies 102 and 103 being presented at American Association for 
the Study of Liver Disease Conference taking place in Boston later this year. 2. Europe: 1. Reimbursed approval 
for Viread in 16 countries. 2. 2008 endorsements within EASL guidelines for Viread usage in naive and 
lamivudine-resistant patients and advantageous price point relevant to entecavir puts it in strong position to 
become HBV antiviral market leader. 3. As of April, 2009, Viread's HBV share is estimated to be 13% vs. 9% at 
start of the year. 4. Germany, one of Co.'s first countries of launch, Viread has already achieved 22% market 
share and is close to surpassing Entecavir. 5. Turkey, where Co. established its affiliates specifically for launch of 
Viread HBV, achieved 19% share in just nine months post-launch. 5. Cardiovascular Franchise: 1. Continues to 
make solid progress with Letairis for PAH treatment. 2. At May-end, received revised label from FDA that now 
requires annual re-enrollment in LEAP program. 1. Change is positive step bringing risk map requirements for 
Letairis and [Plucentan] close to parity. 3. Had positive reaction to web-based support service called LabSync, 
which is designed to minimize burden of monthly lab monitoring. 4. According to latest data, as Co. exited 2Q, 
approx. one in three patients receiving an ERA were taking Letairis. 1. Letairis now captures approx. 35% ERA 
share of all newly diagnosed PAH patients. 6. Ranexa: 1. Prescription demand for Ranexa has been on upward 
trajectory since labor revisions that occurred in Nov., 2008. 1. For most recent qtr., total prescriptions grew by 
13% sequentially. 2. Saw stabilization in wholesale inventory levels after sizable decrease in 1Q09. 3. Total US 
sales for Ranexa of $36m from CVT acquisition date to 2Q-end. 1. Reported figure includes $3.6m in tablets 
supplied to Menarini, licensee for Ranexa in Europe as part of supply obligations that began earlier this year. 2. 
Total sales, including sales made by CVT prior to closing date and inclusive of book shipments, $45.5m (sic - see 
correction below). 4. Shifted Ranexa focus to operational execution, including increasing sales force from 170 
representatives to 205 representatives. 1. This expansion will be completed by beginning of 4Q. 2. Designed new 
core list of physicians based on Angina prescribing for tension and improved message points used for positioning 
Ranexa. 3. Will be adding 20% field-based medical science team and investing in CME programs, advisory 
boards and speaker training programs. 5. Made decision as of middle of Aug. to terminate contract with inVentiv 
Health for 40-person primary care selling team. 6. Made tremendous progress on [primary stages] of Ranexa. 7. 
As of 2Q09-end, Ranexa was covered by approx. 70% of commercial private pay planned lives of Tier 2 status. 
S5. 2Q09 Other Milestones (J.M.) 1. Correction: 1. Ranexa Sales: 1. Wrongly said there was $45.5m in Ranexa 
sales. 1. Actual total was $41.5m. 2. Other Highlights: 1. 2Q09, highly productive qtr. for GILD with significant 
milestones achieved at each core therapeutic category. 2. Pleased with progress Co. is making on HIV portfolio. 
3. In addition to advancement of pipeline compounds, namely the quad and GS 9350, collaboration with Tibotec 
for fixed dose co-formulation of TMC278 with Truvada continues to underscore creative and collaborative nature 
that Co. applies to advancing medicines for patients with HIV, working to provide additional and improved options 
for their treatment. 1. Subject to regulatory approval, will assume lead role in manufacturing, registration, 
distribution, and commercialization of product worldwide, excluding developing world and Japan. 4. Tibotec will be 
responsible for commercialization of TMC278 as stand-alone product and will hold rights to co-promote

Page 17 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
fixed-dose combination in these territories. 1. Will work towards an agreement to make fixed dose combination 
available in developing world. 2. With regard to terms of this agreement, will make future payments to Tibotec of 
up to approx. $100m for their development costs for TMC278. 3. Once product is launched, will book all revenues 
associated with product, retaining all of Truvada-related revenue and significant percentage of TMC278-related 
revenue, which recognizes GILD's investment in clinical development of TMC278 and combination product. 4. 
Putting together collaborations such as these, is a complicated and time-consuming process. 5. Disappointed with 
Brazil's decision to reject patent application for Viread. 1. Seeking to appeal their decision as Co. believes Viread 
represents an important innovation. 6. Intellectual property and patents are assets of research-based companies, 
reflecting tremendous investment made, risk taken and value created. 7. Believes that patent protection is 
necessary to ensure continued investment and innovation and that it is not impediment to treatment access when 
used responsibly by companies such as GILD. 8. With now expanded cardiovascular franchise, will closely chart 
progress of Ranexa for chronic angina and Letairis and PAH. 1. Looks forward to data from second pivotal study, 
Study 312 of darusentan and resistant hypertension before the end of this year, so that Co. can assess potential 
of the compound in patients with dangerously high blood pressure. 9. Continues to strive to run an effective and 
efficient organization as exemplified by integration of CVT into GILD in cost-effective manner. 
QUESTION AND ANSWER SUMMARY 
OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions). Geoff Porges with Bernstein. 
GEOFF PORGES, ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN & COMPANY, INC.: Thanks very much for taking the 
questions and congratulations on a very solid quarter, particularly on the top line. A couple of questions on the 
J&J agreement, or at least one question related to that. Could you clarify the outlook for both parties to develop 
other combinations, John? Can J&J do other triple combinations with, for example, tenofovir in them post 2017? 
Conversely, can Gilead develop other combinations with NNRTIs, and then any chance of a protease inhibitor 
combination being developed by you guys as well? Thanks. 
JOHN MILLIGAN, PRESIDENT, COO, GILEAD SCIENCES: Hey, Geoff, it's John Milligan. So the answer is that 
these are nonexclusive deals. So, J&J, so Tibotec specifically, a part of J&J, has the right to co-formulate 
TMC278 with other products, and we'll continue to have the right to co-formulate other products with Truvada, 
including other NNRTIs as you talked about. 
There are some limitations to what J -- what Tibotec can do with regard to other co-formulations, including our 
product. I'm not at liberty to say the details of that. But we have thoughtfully executed this contract to allow them 
flexibility, but also to retain the value that we've created with our Truvada franchise. So that is mostly what I can 
say. And yes, there certainly are other opportunities for us to co-formulate with protease inhibitors, including one 
that we might develop on our own. 
GEOFF PORGES: Thanks very much. 
OPERATOR: Mark Schoenebaum with Deutsche Bank. 
MARK SCHOENEBAUM, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Okay. Thank you very much. I have just a question -- I 
didn't understand what you guys said about inventories. You said inventories built in the quarter a little bit, and 
that they may come down into the end of the year. Is there any way you can help quantify what impact that had 
on sequential 2Q sales growth? 
ROBIN WASHINGTON, SVP, CFO, GILEAD SCIENCES: Hi Mark, it is Robin. 
MARK SCHOENEBAUM: Hi, Robin. 
ROBIN WASHINGTON: We wouldn't necessarily quantify it, but to your point, they did go up for Atripla and 
Truvada by several days, which means absolute inventory levels went up. And it makes sense for that to happen, 
given our speculation that the price increases that we announced July 1, caused some speculative buying in Q2. 
So, that would be pretty consistent with trends we've seen in the past relative to inventory increases -- 
MARK SCHOENEBAUM: (inaudible). 
ROBIN WASHINGTON: -- and activity. 
MARK SCHOENEBAUM: That's wholesaler inventories, right? 
ROBIN WASHINGTON: Yes, that would be wholesaler inventories.

Page 18 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
MARK SCHOENEBAUM: And do you think -- are they normal now, the levels? Then I'll stop asking follow-ups. 
KEVIN YOUNG, EVP, COMMERCIAL OPERATIONS, GILEAD SCIENCES: No. Mark, it is Kevin. As Robin said, 
they did go by several days. We've seen this historically in the past, often these large wholesalers are specking. I 
do want to emphasize that the call to was very strong from an underlying demand point of view. I think you have 
seen it in the IMS data, we've seen in the Wolters Kluwer data, and certainly when you look at [vacilovate] and the 
way we've increased our shares, I think this is a great quarter for patient demand, and should not just be seen as 
some form of inventory build-up. 
MARK SCHOENEBAUM: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks a lot. 
OPERATOR: Bret Holley with Oppenheimer. 
BRET HOLLEY, ANALYST, OPPENHEIMER & CO.: Yes. Hi, thanks for taking the question. I'm just wondering 
about the positioning of the quad pill versus TMC278 combo. I'm wondering in the Johnson & Johnson deal, 
makes it perhaps more likely you'll assess the quad pill in Phase III, versus a PI-containing regimen? 
JOHN MILLIGAN: Hi Bret, it is John Milligan. As we've announced previously, we do intend to take the quad pill 
into two studies, one of which will be versus Atripla, the other of which will be versus a boosted protease inhibitor. 
We haven't determined if it will be atazanavir, or if it will be darunavir, but it will be one of those two products 
going forward. 
So yes, we do think there is a significant opportunity to take share away from protease-containing regimens 
based on obviously, positive clinical data coming out of this. And also based on the fact that only about half of the 
physicians currently tend to prescribe a PI or an NNRTI so there is an opportunity for us to do that. 
There is a possibility we could position it slightly differently, but at the end of the day, we wanted to provide better 
options for patients. TMC278 with the collaborative with Tibotec allowed us to do that sooner rather than later, 
and so the time value of that plus the economics of that became very attractive to us as well. I think we have two 
chances for success across a broad range of patients going forward. And basically, we're providing another set of 
great options. So, I think it really made a lot of sense for us. 
KEVIN YOUNG: Bret, just to add in terms of promotional sequence, obviously when all being well when we get to 
the 278 fixed dose combination, that would replace Atripla in the promotional line-up, and then when the quad 
comes along the quad would be the lead agent that we would promote and the 278 fixed dose combination would 
be behind that. 
BRET HOLLEY: Okay. Thanks. 
OPERATOR: Thomas Wei with Piper Jaffray. 
THOMAS WEI, ANALYST, PIPER JAFFRAY & CO.: Hi. Thanks. I had a question on the second quarter US HIV 
franchise. I understand your comment about end-user demand based on IMS data and Wolters Kluwer, and the 
Synovate data, but if you actually look at the reported second quarter number and calculate total tenofovir and 
total Truvada sales growth on a sequential basis, it doesn't look very strong, especially since you're telling us that 
there was an inventory increase at the wholesaler level. 
Can you help us understand how we should think about this quarter? And whether or not there were any other 
factors like nonretail that we might need to account for in our analysis of the sequential growth rates? 
KEVIN YOUNG: Hi, Thomas. It's Kevin. You went straight to it. It is the nonretail. It is the same shape of year that 
we had in 2008, but it is not as deep, in terms of the way the Q2 stepped off Q1. As you know, in Q1 of 2008, we 
really did have a very, very large quarter. And therefore Q2, relative to that was much smaller. 
What we saw in 2009 was a larger Q1 relative to the fourth quarter, but not as pronounced because, as you 
know, the ADAP programs were buying earlier, it was a sort of smoother year. But even then, we did have a step 
down, as we expected in Q2. So, that really will kind of square -- will really square away your calculations. 
OPERATOR: Geoff Meacham with JPMorgan. 
GEOFF MEACHAM, ANALYST, JPMORGAN: Hey guys, congrats on a good quarter. Hey a question for Norbert. 
I'm wondering if you can walk us through the details of the clinical path forward for the Tibotec, the 278 combo. 
And as a follow-up, do you guys have to conduct any studies either preclinical or early clinical before you can 
start a Phase III program?

Page 19 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
NORBERT BISCHOFBERGER, CSO, EVP OF R&D, GILEAD SCIENCES: Hi, Geoff. It is actually fairly simple. 
TMC278, of course, has to be developed according to the normal guidelines with two Phase III studies in 
treatment naive patients. And that's all being done by Tibotec. Those studies are ongoing. They're fully involved. 
What we have to do, what Gilead has to do to get the combination product approved is simply CMC-related and 
the bioequivalent study. We have to provide information about the formulation, about stability of the formulation, 
and we have to show that the fixed dose combination is bioequivalent to the components when taken separately. 
This is very similar parallels to the development of Truvada, where we only had a bioequivalence study and CMC 
information, and also Atripla was filed and approved entirely on bioequivalence and CMC. I hope that answers 
your question. 
GEOFF MEACHAM: It doesn't. So, I'm trying to reconcile maybe the market impact of that data versus what's the 
impetus for switching a patient, or for an Atripla script over a combo with TMC278, just looking out a couple of 
years. 
NORBERT BISCHOFBERGER: I think the utilization of the TMC278 fixed dose combination versus Atripla versus 
others will be entirely determined by the Phase III data that are going to emerge. Atripla is very good drug but it is 
not perfect. So, if we could diminish the CMA side of it, the rash, have a better pregnancy category, that would 
automatically be an incentive for people to use the TMC278 fixed dose combination over Atripla. Of course, those 
things all have to be shown or proven in Phase III studies. 
JOHN MILLIGAN: Yes, but this is John. We do know there are some underlying shortcomings in that there are 
significant long-term CNS side effects, and you are seeing that in other studies that are looking at Sustiva. So, it 
is the weakest link in there. 
One thing that Norbert didn't say with regard to the Phase III study that Tibotec is conducting is the study design 
itself. In one study, both arms have Truvada and it is Sustiva versus TMC278. So that's really just a study of 
Truvada, it's the perfect study for us. 
The second study was a similar design of Sustiva versus TMC278, and doctors were allowed to choose 
whichever backbone they wanted. But of course as consistent with the market, over 80% of those patients are on 
Truvada. So essentially we have both Phase III studies conducted by Tibotec based on that enrollment criteria. 
And that's what's going to allow us to make the bioequivalent study, the next study necessary for approval rather 
than having to conduct additional studies. 
GEOFF MEACHAM: Got you. Thanks. 
OPERATOR: Yaron Werber with Citi. 
YARON WERBER, ANALYST, CITIGROUP: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to ask, the 
(inaudible) session looked very good this quarter. Can you give us a sense a little bit? You mentioned inventories 
were stable, or what was the destocking last quarter so at least we'll understand what is the normalized run rate. 
And is the $3.6 million sale to Menarini, is that a normalized run rate from now on also, because that also looked 
pretty good. Thanks. 
KEVIN YOUNG: Hi, Yaron, it is Kevin. Yes, there was really quite a large drop-off from Q4 to Q1. That was 
probably in the area of about -- something like about ten days. That's the best of our estimates. So, it really was a 
considerable draw down by the wholesalers. As I said, of the reported $36.1 million for us in Q2, $3.6 million of 
that was the booked tablets that went to Menarini. 
In the first quarter, it was actually $2.6 million that went in terms of booked tablets to Menarini. We'll have to see 
how that develops. A lot of it will depend, of course, on the performance of Menarini. They are now making big 
efforts with Ranexa, particularly in Germany where they have a very sizable field force and that's a large market. 
A lot of it will depend upon how successful they are over there. 
OPERATOR: Michael Aberman with Credit Suisse. 
MICHAEL ABERMAN, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Hi, thanks. I don't mean to go back to the inventory levels 
and what not, but Viread, for example, you're getting increased penetration in HBV setting, and yet you have a 
down sales quarter-over-quarter. Can you help us understand what's going on there, the dynamics? Are you 
giving away free drugs in the HBV setting? Fee-based (multiple speakers)?

Page 20 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
KEVIN YOUNG: Yes, certainly. Getting some mixed issue with Viread, please appreciate that 75% of Viread is 
still HIV. Now, when we began selling Viread for HBV, only about 4% of total Viread sales were coming from the 
HBV setting. That's where we started at. Now, it is up to about 25%. But you've got a very large kind of swamping 
effect from HIV. 
As I said earlier, because the nonretail came down across the board for our HIV products, that affected Viread 
and therefore that affects Viread -- HIV in the mix of total Viread prescriptions. The mismatch that you are kind of 
seeing between the growth in HBV and our actual product sales is very much this -- is very much this issue of 
HIV. 
MICHAEL ABERMAN: Maybe -- I'm sorry, just a follow-up. Can you help quantify? You specifically mentioned that 
there could be a decline in inventory that has an impact on the second half. How about the nonretail? Do you 
expect it to go back to normal and to have a positive impact on the second half? 
KEVIN YOUNG: One thing we know, shape is always difficult during the year. But the one thing we do know 
because this has been given out by HRSA, we do know the budgets for financial year 2009. And they're about the 
same. They are slightly higher, but for all intents and purposes, they're the same for 2008. That's the best we 
know. I think there will be a shape, because the financial year always goes through to the end of March. So, 
[Pete], they tend to use their budgets during the first quarter of the year. But exactly how it plays out is always 
difficult to peg. 
MICHAEL ABERMAN: All right. Thanks. 
JOHN MILLIGAN: One other thing that maybe didn't come through is that we talked about inventory levels, we 
were specifically talking about Truvada and Atripla, with regard to Viread's inventory levels did come down quarter 
over quarter. As you may recall, we did implement a price increase on April 1 for Viread. And so inventory had 
probably grown a little bit in anticipation of that price increase and then did come down to lower levels during the 
course of this quarter as well which affected the overall Viread sales level. 
OPERATOR: Ian Somaiya with Thomas Weisel. 
IAN SOMAIYA, ANALYST, THOMAS WEISEL PARTNERS: Thanks for taking my question. Just strategy, I 
wanted to get a better understanding of the strategy for triple combination HIV pills. Is it one of picking the best 
third drug in a given class? Or is it going to be a classic blitzkrieg, let's try to get any and all combination pills we 
can, so at least Truvada remains a backbone and you might be able to get some level of profitability on the third 
drug? Any comments would be useful. 
JOHN MILLIGAN: Hi, Ian. It is John Milligan. So a couple things to say. You always want to work with the best 
drug in a category. That's always very clear. It would be, I think, advantageous for us to do additional products. 
There are debates over which is the best drug in a category, of course. So, is there a possibility for us to do 
additional combination studies -- I'm sorry, combination collaborations? I don't think we can do too many more of 
them, because of the complexity of the business that we're running. 
And also because there are other options that we are trying to develop internally for the long-term as well. But 
there is, I think, the possibility that we could do one protease inhibitor collaboration. There are some good choices 
out there to do that. Especially if 9350 plays out the way we hope, because that could allow other proteases to be 
much more successful than they are today. There is some really interesting science and clinical data that we'll 
have to sort through as we make the choices going forward. 
OPERATOR: Phil Nadeau with Cowen. 
PHILIP NADEAU, ANALYST, COWEN & COMPANY: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. The 
question is actually on the quad combo pill. I know you briefly gave us an update in the prepared remarks. Could 
you talk more about the milestones you expect for that pill over the next, say six to nine months? For example, 
will you give us some data by the end of the year in advance of the medical meeting, and what's your latest 
thinking on when the Phase III could begin? 
NORBERT BISCHOFBERGER: And so Phil, quickly, so the two Phase II studies are fully enrolled. We anticipate 
having the 24-week endpoint will be reached before the end of this year. So we will have the data available. We 
anticipate, if everything goes well, to submit those to some meeting early next year. Based -- with those data in 
hand, we would then approach FDA and get final agreement on the development plan.

Page 21 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Overall, I don't think it's going to be any controversy because it's fairly straightforward. It's simply we're proposing 
to do two Phase III studies in treatment naive patients. We actually proposed that to FDA already. They didn't 
have any issues or comments with it. And so to make a long story short, we would hope to initiate those Phase III 
studies in the first half of 2010. So, sometime second quarter of next year. 
PHILIP NADEAU: Okay. And just a clarification. You say you're going to have the 24-week endpoint data by 
year-end. But it sounds like you're not going to release that; you'll just wait until the medical meeting? 
NORBERT BISCHOFBERGER: No. We would -- I mean, the devil of course is in the details, but I think to a 
medical conference or a scientific conference early in 2010, we would be in a position to submit the data. 
PHILIP NADEAU: Okay. Thank you. 
ROBIN WASHINGTON: Operator, this is Robin. Before the next call, I did want to make a clarification on the 
guidance. We did receive a question regarding whether our guidance for R&D expenses from $800 million to 
$820 million to a range of $850 million to $870 million. We were asked if it did include any part of the 
reimbursement payable to Tibotec and it does. A substantial portion of that increase is related to Tibotec. So I 
wanted to provide that clarification. 
JOHN MILLIGAN: And the way to think about the substantial portion is that this reimbursement will be billed to 
Gilead and it will go over a couple of years. So, be there will be some portion for this year, and some portion for 
next year. And this is the maximum amount that would be allowable -- that Tibotec would be allowed to bill us 
under the contract for this year. We don't know if they will bill all that. And we'll update you in the future if they bill 
us for less. 
OPERATOR: Maged Shenouda with UBS. 
MAGED SHENOUDA, ANALYST, UBS: Sure, hi. Can you discuss the European ordering patterns for the HIV 
franchise in the quarter? Were there any unusual orders? 
KEVIN YOUNG: Hi, it is Kevin. Not really. We saw strong underlying demand. There was a little bit -- a little bit of 
extra ordering in Spain. This is a funny time period for particularly the major continental European markets, Italy, 
Spain, France, a lot of holidays take place, so, pegging, judging that right is always a fine art. 
But no, largely, the quarter was as we expected. Obviously we're doing extremely well with Atripla in the UK, in 
Spain, we now have Italy growing and of course we had about two months worth, our first two months of sales in 
France. So, it was very, very much driven by the pick up in Atripla. 
MAGED SHENOUDA: Thank you. 
OPERATOR: Josh Schimmer with Leerink Swann. 
JOSH SCHIMMER, ANALYST, LEERINK SWANN & COMPANY: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. If you did 
decide to roll the Phase II quad studies into two Phase II/III trials, will we still see the interim data? 
JOHN MARTIN, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GILEAD SCIENCES: [You'll put out] the interim analysis, Norbert? 
NORBERT BISCHOFBERGER: Yes, we could -- you're asking if we would run it into a Phase III study. No, under 
that scenario we would not be able to release the data. So, we're debating that currently internally. But I think the 
way -- since the rate limiting step for approval of the quad will be the second Phase III study against the protease 
inhibitor, that's why I think it wouldn't buy us much if we would convert the Phase II study into a Phase III study. 
So, our current thinking right now is to start two new Phase III studies, one against Atripla and one against a 
protease inhibitor. 
JOSH SCHIMMER: Okay, thanks. 
OPERATOR: Joel Sendek with Lazard Capital Markets. 
JOEL SENDEK, ANALYST, LAZARD CAPITAL MARKETS: Thanks. I have a competitive question. So, with 
Isentress for the front line label and they're testing it potentially as once a day, do you view that as more of a 
threat now than it used to be and what are you doing to defend against it? 
JOHN MILLIGAN: Is it that much more of a threat? This plan has been known for some time that they were going 
to go for once a day. We don't know if it will be successful or not successful. For our money, a value of having this

Page 22 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
in a fixed dose combination really takes away much of that competitive threat, unless they can find some other 
way to co-formulate it with something else and put it in a first line. Because to co-formulate a product, there's so 
much more advantageous to patients and they tend to have better outcomes. 
One of the problems as you get into non fixed dose combinations is patients make choices to take partial 
regimen, and that's where you get the higher levels of resistance and the higher levels of failure in real world 
areas. And so, I think the value of fixed dose combinations are well-known to physicians and will be the preferred 
route because of the longer term benefits. 
KEVIN YOUNG: And Joel, just to kind of reassure you today, in terms of sort of the two-third agents that are really 
sort of growing right now, with Prezista our penetration of Gilead partner products is 88%, which is in the naive 
setting. And with Isentress, it's 84% of patients. Largely, that's Truvada. Some of it is sometimes Viread, but 
largely Truvada. So you can see that over eight times out of ten, Prezista or Isentress is partnered with Gilead. 
JOEL SENDEK: Okay, thank you. 
OPERATOR: Jason Kantor with RBC Capital Markets. 
JASON KANTOR, ANALYST, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS: Hi. Thanks for taking my call. Most of my questions 
have been asked, but with regard to your tax rate, you said there was some resolution of audits, but also 
geographic mix. I'm wondering where you're getting those benefits geographically, and if that might persist into 
future quarters. And then on France, with the launch there, how much of the uptake was due to kind of filling the 
channel there, inventory build in France? 
ROBIN WASHINGTON: I'll take the first half, Jason and then Kevin will cover France. The majority of the tax rate 
reduction was generated by a completion of our tax audit and our ability to get rid of reserve. Overall, we continue 
to see continued upgrade and improvement in international growth, primarily Europe. And because we have the 
tax structure, higher international European revenues drive our overall rate down. So, that's something that we 
see continue to the extent we continue to generate more profit overseas. 
KEVIN YOUNG: And in terms of France, this was not a very large bolus going into the wholesalers. Obviously we 
did supply the wholesalers in France, but this was not a big load. Please appreciate that the component products 
are available. Also France is biased toward the protease inhibitors and therefore the use of Truvada. 
I think what gives us a lot of confidence in these first couple of months is that the uptake on the driven therapeutic 
committees was virtually, virtually total in terms of the 180 plus HIV centers in France and all of the large centers 
in Paris, as I said, particularly the large assistance public hospitals which are very, very large are prescribing. So, 
I think the first quarter, obviously truncated, was about demand as opposed to a big wholesaler load. 
JASON KANTOR: Thank you. 
OPERATOR: Tom Russo with Baird. 
TOM RUSSO, ANALYST, ROBERT W. BAIRD & COMPANY, INC.: Thanks. I wanted to ask a question 
somewhat related to inventories. But what is your best read as we're in the -- looking at the second quarter of 
underlying market growth in the US. Does it still feel like 7% to 9%, which has been pretty consistent the last few 
years, or does it feel like something else? And then with regard to guidance, what would guidance -- how would it 
have been revised just based on the core business, as opposed to CV Therapeutics and other moving parts. 
KEVIN YOUNG: In terms of the market, defined as the antiviral market, the annual growth is remaining pretty 
solid. It was 7% and actually likewise in Europe. So, those numbers are very consistent. We still see a high need 
out there for increased testing and linkage to care. We're still seeing very high incidents of HIV in the large cities, 
and the incidents growing into the southeast of the US. 
So, certainly, I think there remains very, very high profile and we have the appropriate government -- government 
policy people, as well as community-based, field-based people, who are continuing to discuss the need for 
increased testing and linkage to care, i.e., putting into the healthcare system. 
ROBIN WASHINGTON: (multiple speakers) 
TOM RUSSO: (multiple speakers) I apologize. I was asking about Q2. I think the market research that you've 
shown usually has a quarter lag. And I just wanted to really figure out if there is anything that looks or feels any 
different even anecdotally in the second quarter.

Page 23 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
KEVIN YOUNG: No. Obviously we're always a quarter behind here in the US, Tom. And so, we don't know the 
accurate figure for Q2, but there's nothing that we have seen during this quarter that would say that there's been 
some falloff in that type of growth. 
ROBIN WASHINGTON: Tom, this is Robin. For the second half of your question, we do provide overall net 
product revenue guidance. So, Ranexa was factored into that guidance, but we won't provide a breakout by 
therapeutic area or product. 
TOM RUSSO: Okay. Thanks. 
OPERATOR: Geoff Porges with Bernstein. 
GEOFF PORGES: Thanks very much for letting me sneak in a second question. John and Robin, you've got a lot 
of moving parts here -- Atripla, the next triple, Truvada, the quad, a patent expiry for Sustiva. How should we think 
about our margins going forward? You've had a bit of a trend down here. Do you think that you can sustain 
margins, particularly operating margins at the current level or around the current level as you go through all of 
these transitions? 
ROBIN WASHINGTON: Geoff, it is Robin. Again, relative to our overall guidance, we do factor in margin as you 
know. But the more we sell of Atripla, it does create an overall drag on our margins, but we focus operationally on 
our core margin exclusive of Atripla or the Sustiva component of Atripla, as well as Tamiflu. So, it is something 
that we watch and monitor very closely. 
Clearly, if you look at second half 2009, we're impacted by the fact that we're integrating two companies. So, 
we've got infrastructure in place for two companies that we'll continue to work through. The CVT impact on our 
overall EPS, if you look at it operationally, was about $0.01. So, we feel pretty comfortable that we can maintain 
our operating margins overall going forward. 
GEOFF PORGES: Robin, would you agree with that longer term? 
JOHN MILLIGAN: Well, I mean, Geoff, we continue to try to run a very efficient business. I think as Robin just 
pointed out, the small EPS impact already that CVT is having on Gilead shows we can run a very efficient 
organization and that we're focused on it. 
If you think about the R&D guidance Robin provided today, the vast majority of that increase in R&D guidance 
relates to the payments to Tibotec. And so we're able to rationalize efficiently, we are able to run this business 
and with a focus on those operational margins and we're going to continue to do so for the future. I can't give you 
guidance for 2010 or beyond, but I know that -- you know as we discuss it during the course of the year, we're 
heavily focused on keeping this business running very efficiently. And that won't change for us. 
GEOFF PORGES: Thanks very much. 
OPERATOR: Geoff Meacham with JPMorgan. 
GEOFF MEACHAM: Hey, guys. Wanted to ask a quick question. And thanks for the follow-up on aztreonam. 
Where are you guys in the preparations for launch in the EU? And can you highlight maybe the key differences 
from a regulatory view between what the EMEA and Canadian regulatory authorities think compared to the US? 
KEVIN YOUNG: Hi, Geoff. It's Kevin. I'll take the first part of that. Yes, we're just getting the European markets 
ready. I would say two things. It is probably a fairly modest potential in Europe. As I think you may know, there 
are a lot of compounded products used in Europe, [Calistan] is really quite popular. The UK uses a lot of Calistan. 
I think the market that's most attractive to us both in terms of incidents, prevalence of the disease as well as 
actually the ability to have a good price and usage is Germany. So, that's going to be one of our first markets. 
So, I think -- I think Germany is probably top of our list to have a successful introduction. We also, I think, will 
eventually need that head-to-head data, the study that we're running versus [TOBI] to really make it an attractive 
market in Europe. 
NORBERT BISCHOFBERGER: Just the two regulatory approvals or almost approvals we have in European 
Union and in Canada are both conditional approvals. What that means is we have to conceal certain conditions 
which essentially is the completion of ongoing studies. That's not the case in the US and we're still in discussions 
with US FDA about the approval of aztreonam and we hope to make some progress. But if they don't agree to our 
dispute resolution, we do have the study in place and it is (enrolling) that will get us approval in the United States 
as well.

Page 24 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
OPERATOR: Sapna Srivastava. 
SAPNA SRIVASTAVA, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Hi, thanks. Most of my questions have been answered, 
but just one quick clarification. If you were to exclude CVTX from your revenue guidance update, could you help 
us understand where it would have come out to be? 
ROBIN WASHINGTON: Sapna, it's Robin. As I mentioned earlier, we don't break out our guidance by product of 
therapeutic area, so it is inclusive of overall net product revenues and we have factored in Ranexa into that 
guidance. 
SAPNA SRIVASTAVA: Just not to beat a dead horse, but maybe one quick follow-up again. So, should I -- how 
should we think about like non detail balancing out the inventory aspect of it. I mean are they mostly comparable 
or does one outweigh the other? 
KEVIN YOUNG: Sorry, the nonretail versus -- 
SAPNA SRIVASTAVA: The increase of inventory levels marginally boosting the Atripla and Truvada revenues 
and the non detail coming down slightly. If I just had to like figure out exactly where the midpoint would be, I mean 
should I think of them kind of canceling each other when I think of the run rate going forward in the future 
quarters? 
KEVIN YOUNG: There was a certain degree of canceling. As I said earlier Sapna, the drop-off in Q2 was not as 
substantial as it was in 2008. That's probably as much color as I can provide you. Difficult to give you a real 
accuracy on that -- on those two kind of trade-offs. 
SAPNA SRIVASTAVA: Okay. Thank you so much. 
OPERATOR: Miss Hubbard, at this point we have run out of time for additional questions. 
SUSAN HUBBARD, VP, IR, GILEAD SCIENCES: Okay. Thank you very much, Melanie. Thank you all for joining 
us today. We appreciate your continued interest in Gilead and look forward to providing you with updates on our 
future progress. We'll be back in our offices shortly for follow-up calls. Thanks so much. 
[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web 
site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. 
In the conference calls upon which Event Briefs are based, companies may make projections or other 
forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current 
expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any 
forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified 
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the 
assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove 
inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the 
forward-looking statements will be realized. 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT BRIEFS REFLECTS THOMSON FINANCIAL'S SUBJECTIVE 
CONDENSED PARAPHRASE OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND THERE MAY BE 
MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE 
CONFERENCE CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY 
ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE 
INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT BRIEF. USERS ARE ADVISED TO 
REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S 
SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.] 
Document FNDW000020090804e57l001xt

Page 25 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Event Brief of Gilead Sciences Agrees to Acquire CV Therapeutics for $20.00 Per Share - Final 
Event Brief of Gilead Sciences Agrees to Acquire CV Therapeutics for $20.00 Per Share - Final 
6,836 words 
12 March 2009 
FD (FAIR DISCLOSURE) WIRE 
FNDW 
English 
©2009 by CQ Transcriptions, LLC. All rights reserved. 
PARTICIPANTS 
. Susan Hubbard, Gilead Sciences, IR . John Martin, Gilead Sciences, Chairman & CEO . John Milligan, Gilead 
Sciences, President & COO . Thomas Wei, Piper Jaffray, Analyst . Kevin Young, Gilead Sciences, EVP, 
Commercial Operations . Yaron Werber, Citi, Analyst . Robin Washington, Gilead Sciences, SVP & CFO . Sapna 
Srivastava, Morgan Stanley, Analyst . Mark Schoenebaum, Deutsche Bank, Analyst . Geoff Meacham, JPMorgan, 
Analyst . Geoff Porges, Sanford Bernstein, Analyst . Phil Nadeau, Cowen & Company, Analyst . Bill Tanner, 
Leerink Swann, Analyst . Michael Aberman, Credit Suisse, Analyst . Joel Sendek, Lazard Capital Markets, 
Analyst . Jason Kantor, RBC Capital Markets, Analyst . Maykin Ho, Goldman Sachs, Analyst . Jim Birchenough, 
Barclays Capital, Analyst 
OVERVIEW 
Co. announced that GILD and CV Therapeutics have signed an agreement under which GILD will acquire CV 
Therapeutics. Under terms of the agreement, GILD will pay $20 per share of CVT stock in a cash tender offer for 
total deal value of approx. $1.4b, including assumption of all outstanding options. 
FINANCIAL DATA 
A. Key Data From Call 1. Agreement terms = GILD will pay $20 per share of CV Therapeutics' stock in a cash 
tender offer for total deal value of approx. $1.4b, including assumption of all outstanding options. 
PRESENTATION SUMMARY 
S1. Overview (S.H.) 1. Details: 1. Announced that GILD and CV Therapeutics (CVT) have signed agreement 
under which GILD will acquire CVT. 
S2. Acquisition Details (J.Martin.) 1. Planned Acquisition of CV Therapeutics (CVT): 1. Represents a strategic fit, 
scientifically and commercially, that will: 1. Broaden and strengthen Co.'s growing cardiovascular portfolio. 2. 
Provide with: 1. Proven organization capable of advancing an extensive pipeline. 2. Accomplished and 
experienced management team. 2. Acquisition immediately delivers: 1. Two marketed products to Co.'s franchise. 
1. Ranexa. 2. Lexiscan. 2. Pipeline that includes several interesting candidates in clinical development. 3. Ranexa 
offers significant advantages for patients suffering from chronic angina. 4. Lexiscan is a pharmacologic stress 
agent indicated for radionuclide myocardial perfusion imaging in patients unable to undergo adequate exercise 
stress. 5. Ranexa received an updated label from FDA in Nov. 2008. 1. Drug is now indicated for first-line therapy 
that can be used alone or in combination with traditional therapies, such as beta-blockers, calcium channel 
blockers and nitrates for treatment of chronic angina. 1. Revised labeling provides tremendous opportunity to 
relaunch Ranexa and build upon its prior success. 2. Believes in-depth knowledge of Ranexa cardiology sales 
force paired with Co.'s commercial operations, resources and expertise will allow to have a significant impact on 
success of CVT's efforts to expand usage of Ranexa for patients in need. 3. Ranexa cardiology sales force of 
approx. 170 representatives provides Co. an immediate footprint as it begins to prepare for potential launch of 
darusentan in resistant hypertension. 6. Lexiscan is currently marketed in North America by Astellas. 1. Not 
partnered outside of North America. 2. EMEA filing seeking approval in European Union is anticipated later this 
year. 2. Summary: 1. Excited about this opportunity to expand Co.'s cardiovascular franchise with relaunch of 
Ranexa in particular. 2. Confident that Co. can execute an expeditious and efficient integration of the two teams. 
S3. Financial Details (J.Milligan.) 1. Note: 1. Announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an 
offer to sell CV Therapeutics' shares. 2. Tender offer will only be made through an offer to purchase letter of 
transmittal and related tender offer materials. 3. At the time the expected tender offer has commenced: 1. GILD 
will file these tender offer materials with SEC. 2. CVT will file a solicitation recommendation statement with 
respect to offer. 2. Transaction Terms: 1. Under terms of the agreement, GILD will pay $20 per share of CVT 
stock in a cash tender offer for total deal value of approx. $1.4b, including assumption of all outstanding options.

Page 26 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
1. Transaction includes: 1. Cash offer made directly to CVT shareholders. 2. Subsequent merger to cash out any 
shares not tendered. 2. As GILD has cash reserves in excess of $3b and positive operating cash flow, has 
sufficient cash on hand to complete this transaction. 3. Currently expecting that deal will be: 1. Dilutive to GILD's 
earnings in 2009. 2. Neutral to accretive in 2010. 3. Accretive in 2011 and beyond. 4. New accounting rules 
around business acquisitions recently became effective. 1. As such, will provide more detailed information related 
to impact of this transaction on current 2009 guidance and future financial results once transaction is completed. 
5. Anticipates that tender offer will be completed in 2Q of this year subject to clearance under: 1. 
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act. 2. Other standard conditions typical of deals of this size and 
scope. 
QUESTION AND ANSWER SUMMARY 
OPERATOR: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Thomas Wei, Piper Jaffray. 
THOMAS WEI, ANALYST, PIPER JAFFRAY: Thanks for taking my question. I guess I am curious what you think 
the peak sales potential is for Ranexa. Are those just in the angina indication? Do you assume arrhythmia, 
diabetes sales, and how do you think about the whole patent situation and the potential for a Paragraph 4 
challenge next year? 
JOHN MILLIGAN, PRESIDENT & COO, GILEAD SCIENCES: Hi, Tom, this is John Milligan. Thanks for the 
question. As you know, we don't ever talk about markets in terms of peak dollar size, but we can talk about the 
patient size for the angina market in the United States. And our valuation assumptions really go to the core claims 
that are currently in the label. So we are not considering valuation on other indications which could be there in the 
future, although we will certainly work with the CVT team to consider pursuing those indications. 
As we see the market in the United States, there's about 10 million people with chronic angina. And based on the 
profile of Ranexa and certainly the new labeling, we think there is a considerably high percentage of those who 
could be available for this. 
But of course, there are other products that are available, many of which are generic. So we think that we'll be a 
subsegment of that market. Currently if you think about it, of those 10 million patients out there who could 
potentially be in need, there is only about 75,000 who are currently taking Ranexa. 
So clearly, this has tremendous potential in this area and I think as an under-resourced product currently, and we 
certainly can add a lot of value to that. 
Kevin, is there anything you want to weigh in on the commercial aspect of that? 
KEVIN YOUNG, EVP, COMMERCIAL OPERATIONS, GILEAD SCIENCES: I think our first and foremost target, 
Thomas, will be the so-called refractory chronic angina patients. That's about one million patients. As John says, 
with a treatment level of only 75,000 patients, even relating that to the one million refractory angina patients, that 
is basically patients who are treated but still are symptomatic. There is very high potential in just that first segment 
of chronic angina, and that will be very much our focus in relaunching this product. 
JOHN MILLIGAN: Thomas, the second part of your question was about the patent situation. And as you can 
imagine, we have done extensive diligence on this patent with our own team. We've worked with the CV team and 
we've talked to outside experts, so we are very confident that this is a patent that will be defendable. 
Of course, as you know in this world, all patents get challenged and we would, of course, expect this one like all 
our other patents to get challenged as they come off Hatchman-Wax exclusivity. 
SUSAN HUBBARD, IR, GILEAD SCIENCES: Operator, can we have the next question, please? 
OPERATOR: Yaron Werber, Citi. 
YARON WERBER, ANALYST, CITI: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. So I've got two questions for 
you guys. I've been following Ranexa for a long time, and I've got to tell you I've done a lot of work on this drug 
and we've not been big bulls of this compound. And if you look at the growth trajectory even with the new label, it 
is not really overly promising. 
So I guess what I'm curious about is what is it you are seeing that perhaps the market hasn't seen so far, and 
what are your expectations for Europe?

Page 27 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
And then secondly, the $292 million in convertible debt that CV Therapeutics has, is that included in the $1.4 
billion or is that separate? Thanks. 
KEVIN YOUNG: Hi, Yaron, it's Kevin. I will take the first part of your question. Obviously, there is a history behind 
these products. You've followed it very closely. It was inhibited in its uptake by its label, which was corrected in 
November. And if you look at the label now, it is a very, very clean label. It's very specific. The downsides of the 
label have been taken out in terms of the QT. And I think it's a very powerful label for a product that really doesn't 
have any competition once patients have gone into the refractory setting and have gone through the standard 
therapies. 
I think the other part to it, of course, is that CV themselves didn't have all the resource they would have liked to 
really relaunch these products, and I think that is where our expertise can come in. So I think we have now a very, 
very strong asset in terms of the product. I think the reimbursement landscape is improving significantly in terms 
of the tiering and the ability to have the product reimbursed, and again, that is linked to the improved label. 
Certainly, in terms of our operational resources at Gilead, we will be very much putting our shoulder behind this. 
And the other thing to say as well is that I think, again because of resources, CVT haven't had as much medical 
affairs support. I think with the Merlin study, the ability to mine that data set, increase the resource around 
medical scientists in the field, there's a great deal of opportunity to support this product. 
JOHN MARTIN, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GILEAD SCIENCES: Kevin, you might mention we're also triangulated 
(inaudible). 
KEVIN YOUNG: Absolutely, yes. We have had both formal market research hereon, and we've also had people 
sit with us in this office. To be honest with you, some of them didn't really know a lot about Ranexa. And again, I 
think that has come from the ability to have the necessary resources and the rightsizing of field force to get 
repeated promotional messages to the target audience. And we hope that in combination with the 170 sales 
representatives and looking at perhaps supplementing that, we can give this product the type of intensity and 
quality medical education support. 
JOHN MILLIGAN: Yaron, your second part was about the convertible debt. Robin. 
ROBIN WASHINGTON, SVP & CFO, GILEAD SCIENCES: Right, yes. The $292 million convertible debt is 
included in the overall purchase price. 
YARON WERBER: I don't know if you guys can hear me, but just your thoughts on Europe and for Menarini 
Group's ability to really market the product. And just given how -- the potential price of the compound in Europe 
and the relative modest efficacy, how big of a product or how attractive is this compound really going to be in 
Europe where pricing is very important? 
KEVIN YOUNG: Well, Menarini do have expertise in cardiovascular. I think they are very enthusiastic. You've got 
a market size when you go outside the big five, big five and additional countries, that is larger in terms of chronic 
angina than the US market. So I think this product does have potential. There will be the usual challenges around 
pricing and reimbursement relative to the cheap generics, but I think the potential is there. 
OPERATOR: Sapna Srivastava, Morgan Stanley. 
SAPNA SRIVASTAVA, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Hi. I had like more of a broad strategic question, just 
with the experience of Letairis and now this acquisition. How do you feel comfortable, like what data points should 
we look for? How do you feel comfortable that you will be able to grow Ranexa and that your continued focus in 
cardiovascular will play out to be successful, especially if we take Letairis as somewhat more of a challenging 
launch? 
KEVIN YOUNG: It's Kevin. The first thing to say is that we are totally 100% concentrating on Letairis, Letairis 
promotion, and the resources that we've put behind it will not be affected in any shape or form by today's news. 
So our field force, our heads down. We're making really solid progress, gaining market share and that is going to 
continue. For all intents and purposes, we will have two separate field forces. 
There will be a little bit of overlap between the cardiologists treating PAH and obviously potential to use Ranexa. 
But we are essentially going to be using two dedicated and separate field forces. 
SAPNA SRIVASTAVA: And assuming your success of darusentan, how much of the sales force would you need 
to expand or change?

Page 28 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
KEVIN YOUNG: The other very great opportunities, as we've said in the call earlier, we have the potential now to 
lay the groundwork for the launch of darusentan. We have the lion's share of the resource in this acquisition that 
will launch darusentan. There will be some interventional cardiologists who we will be promoting Ranexa to who 
probably don't treat hypertension, and there will be some physicians like renal physicians, like endocrinologists, 
that we'll also have to consider with darusentan. 
But with this large cardiology audience now, they will be the real beef of the promotion of darusentan. So both in 
terms of quantity and the ability to learn the market now and get to know the target audience for darusentan, I 
think it is a win-win. 
SAPNA SRIVASTAVA: Thanks. 
OPERATOR: Mark Schoenebaum, Deutsche Bank. 
MARK SCHOENEBAUM, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Two 
questions as instructed. First, we were all I think very impressed with Gilead's discipline when you issued your 
2009 financial guidance. And you I think guided to an SG&A expense in 2009 that was relatively flat in dollars and 
I think down as a percent of revenue. 
I know you are not going to provide specific guidance here, but is that a general margin trend that we should be 
reconsidering over the intermediate to long-term now? 
JOHN MILLIGAN: Mark, it's John. I don't think I would consider it that way. If you think about what is going to 
happen this year, we will have additional revenues from Ranexa and the other products from CVT, as well as 
additional expenses for that. As we talked about the flatness year over year post-guidance, we have talked about 
the fact that this isn't necessarily a trend that we can keep up where it's going to be flat. We will have to invest in 
the future, especially as we come up into product launches. 
So as we see it, in some senses it's a slight acceleration on expenses that we would have later undertaken for 
darusentan launch should that product come out the way we hope it will that will accelerate into this year. But 
we're offsetting it by revenues this year, and next year in fact, we will grow revenues higher than expenses related 
to what I would call the CVT franchise. So I do think we can get some very good leverage going into the future. 
But we haven't yet modeled this out for next year because we haven't made decisions on how big a sales force 
we are going to have and what other things we will do in terms of investments for the Company. So I can't give 
you the specific picture, but I can tell you that this I think provides us a very attractive financial opportunity, as well 
as a capability opportunity for the Company. 
MARK SCHOENEBAUM: Thank you very much. And the second question if I may. Strategically, this acquisition 
seems to make -- I think would seem to us, to most street observers, to make a lot of sense if we can all get some 
comfort that darusentan is going to be a very meaningful drug. It's not a blockbuster. But to date, at least my 
interpretation of your public statements have been fairly conservative on darusentan, mainly around -- not around 
efficacy but around the ultimate label you are going to get, and whether that label would be a class label that 
would reflect some of what is on the Letairis label and thus limit the market. Perhaps similar to what Ranexa has 
gone through over the years where it took many, many years to get the label cleaned up. 
Would you mind sharing your updated thoughts on this compound, and should we interpret this as a signal 
around a shifting opinion on darusentan? 
JOHN MILLIGAN: The darusentan opinion hasn't shifted. We don't have any data yet. We won't have any data on 
darusentan until the second quarter. But I would say this about this acquisition, which is I think that having the 
CVT team on board with their clinical and regulatory expertise, this gives us a much, much better chance of 
having that better label going forward than not. 
And you are right, if you think about one of the earlier questions about Ranexa, it was launched with a very, very 
challenging label. And I think the CVT team did an excellent job of running studies and changing the label in a 
way I think most people predicted they could not. So it tells me they've got considerable thoughtfulness in the way 
they do things, a very good clinical regulatory team, and I think that team will be instrumental in helping us make 
darusentan a better drug than it otherwise would be. So I think this capability gives it a very good chance of being 
a significant product for us. 
MARK SCHOENEBAUM: Okay, thanks. I appreciate it.

Page 29 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
OPERATOR: Geoff Meacham, JPMorgan. 
GEOFF MEACHAM, ANALYST, JPMORGAN: Thanks for taking the question. So not to focus too much on this 
about the sales force size, but could you talk a little bit about -- assuming that darusentan does come out positive, 
how you see a Ranexa/darusentan sales force just in terms of size? I guess what people are fearful of is that this 
could lead us down the path of more of a primary care focus where you could lose a lot of the SG&A leverage. 
KEVIN YOUNG: Hi, Geoff. It's Kevin. First thing to say in terms of Ranexa. In terms of the relaunch, it is still very, 
very, very much a cardiology sale. So as we look at the resources that we require, as we look at the size and 
shape of the new Ranexa team, it is all going to be about cardiology. That is where angina is. First and foremost, 
we want to really penetrate that refractory chronic angina market. 
I think our thinking right now is that likewise, darusentan will also be a specialist product. And I'm a great believer 
in making sure that you walk before you run and that you get the specialist market on board before you would 
take it any broader than that. So again, coming back to one of the reasons why we have done this deal, we think 
the synergy by having a cardiology field force for obviously the relaunch of Ranexa, as well as the platform for 
darusentan, is a very compelling one. 
GEOFF MEACHAM: Then a follow-up question just on the cost side. What are your thoughts on the pipeline? 
How would you prioritize it beyond label expansion for Ranexa, and have you estimated any cost synergies in this 
agreement from R&D? 
JOHN MILLIGAN: Geoff, there is a number of very attractive programs in the R&D pipeline, and we're going to be 
working with our colleagues at CVT over the future to determine whether we continue those programs in-house or 
whether we partner those programs. Personally, I'm pretty excited about most of them. So I want to take a hard 
look at them before I consider any partnering. 
Even things like Lexiscan, the myocardial perfusion imaging agent, that is not partnered yet in Europe. And I think 
we will take a hard look at that before we make a decision on partnering, given the strong launch that we've seen 
in the United States where that product is performing much better than anticipated and has a great deal of 
enthusiasm from the folks in the field who use this product. 
So there are tremendous opportunities for us. We also have opportunities outside of North America and Europe, 
for example, Lexiscan in Japan. So there is lots of different ways that we can either partner or determine to build 
the Company based on this product portfolio. And I am quite enthusiastic about some of the Phase I and research 
programs. 
So we're very interested in providing the resources for the future so that these products can be developed to a 
point where we can determine the maximum value. 
GEOFF MEACHAM: Okay, thanks. 
OPERATOR: Geoff Porges, Sanford Bernstein. 
GEOFF PORGES, ANALYST, SANFORD BERNSTEIN: Thanks very much for taking the question. 
Congratulations on getting up so early out there. A couple other questions on the expense side. Just the SG&A 
side, looks like that CV is carrying about $140 million to $150 million a year, and you've already talked about 
bolstering that for the relaunch. But obviously, some of that is going to have some redundancy there. 
So as we are modeling that, could you give us a sense of whether we should be expecting that to be sort of net 
flat once it's incorporated into Gilead or whether there is likely to be a reduction or increase there? 
And then secondly, could you just give us a sense of the exposure of Ranexa to Medicare and also -- Medicare 
Part D and also to Medicaid? Thanks. 
JOHN MILLIGAN: So, Jeff, on the first part of that, as we model -- if you just take CVT as a stand-alone entity, 
they were projecting to lose a little bit of money this year and projected by most people to be positive next year, 
which I think is the right way to think about it. So they would have a net income that would be positive for the first 
time. 
So as we model this, we certainly will try to continue along those lines. And as we said in the press release, we 
expect this to be dilutive this year and then neutral to accretive next year and accretive thereafter. But as you can 
imagine, we are going to manage expenses very tightly. We're going to create an area where there are a

Page 30 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
minimum number of redundancies as we go forward. We are going to take this company forward the way we 
manage expenses here. So things won't change from that perspective. 
KEVIN YOUNG: Jeff, this is Kevin. The second part of your question, as I think you know, this is a very managed 
market, cardiovascular market, so it's very tightly managed, particularly with the propensity for generic agents. 
You've also got to consider that there is a strong elderly population in angina. Approximately half your population 
of angina patients are above the age of 65. 
So when I look at Ranexa, approximately 80% of patients currently are either commercial or private pay for 
Medicare Part D. So you've got a large proportion essentially go through managed care, either as a private pay or 
as Part D. 
I have to say that I've been very impressed with the national accounts team at CVT. They've done a great job 
recently with the updated label, and they've got I think a good proportion of the plans now into the Tier 2 status so 
with reasonable co-pays, which I think will reduce the barriers now to uptake of Ranexa. 
GEOFF PORGES: Thanks very much. 
OPERATOR: Phil Nadeau, Cowen & Company. 
PHIL NADEAU, ANALYST, COWEN & COMPANY: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. My first 
question is potential breakup fee. Obviously, CVT was in a battle with Astellas. Is there a breakup fee in your 
transaction? If so, how much? 
JOHN MILLIGAN: Phil, this is John. There is a breakup fee. It's really a standard breakup fee in the range of 2% 
to 4%. 
PHIL NADEAU: Okay, great. My second question is a follow-up to the previous question, I guess, on the cost 
synergies. We here at Cowen project that CVT was going to cut about $80 million to $100 million R&D expense 
run rate. Can you give us some sense of how accurate that is going to be as part of Gilead? Is that more than 
you're going to spend on their R&D programs, less? Just some quantitative understanding would be appreciated. 
JOHN MILLIGAN: You know, CVT publicly didn't break out their specific R&D expenses from their K. They just 
came in with a general range, which the midpoint is about $260 million total expenses for the year. So as we're 
not a combined company, I can't give you any additional insight into the CVT business. We'll be able to talk about 
that after we close and we can give you some greater insight into that as we get into our next quarterly call. 
PHIL NADEAU: Thank you. 
OPERATOR: Bill Tanner, Leerink Swann. 
BILL TANNER, ANALYST, LEERINK SWANN: Thanks for taking the questions. First one, I guess John 
mentioned it. You mentioned it sort of in passing on the 311 data coming out of the second quarter; that is still 
kind of the guidance. Is there any better indication as to early or late in the second quarter? 
JOHN MARTIN: No, unfortunately, we are just going to stick with second quarter. 
BILL TANNER: Okay, thanks. And then I guess for Kevin, to me it seems like this makes a lot of sense in terms of 
forward integrating into the cardiovascular market. So just trying to think again on the potential overlap between 
Ranexa and darusentan. And I know that I think you guys have been talking about focusing on the nephrologist, 
the cardiologist, where class label might not be that offputting in terms of using it, darusentan, for refractory 
hypertension patients. 
So longer term, you think at least initially the 170 sales reps and then adding some more, you will most likely have 
some decent overlap in terms of the call point? And then if the drug looks like it's selling better, is the 
contemplation then to expand it beyond the specialists? 
KEVIN YOUNG: Hi, Bill. I would say more than decent. I would say a very significant platform is now in place for 
us to learn the market and to launch darusentan off. Right now, CVT have a call audience of approximately 
20,000 cardiologists. Some of those are interventional cardiologists who are obvious targets for Ranexa, and then 
the bulk are your medical non-interventional cardiologists. 
Obviously, that big bulk are our prime target audience, always were for darusentan. So we really, really have the 
lion's share of the specialist launch for darusentan. We will, as I said earlier, have to think about some peripheral

Page 31 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
targets like the renal physician, like the endocrinologist for diabetes. But basically, we have the big bulk of the 
audience for darusentan covered. 
I have to say that I think it's the collective view here that we are seeing darusentan as very much a specialist 
launch. I think as we see the uptake going into and through the launch of darusentan, then I think we will cross 
the bridge on whether we want to take it outside that specialist audience into primary care. 
BILL TANNER: So then if I could, one real quick follow-up. So then at base case at steady state, what would you 
think a reasonable number of sales reps would be? 
KEVIN YOUNG: Not going to be able to give you that this morning, Bill. But we are going to take a close look and 
see if some additional resource is required beyond the 170 that CVT have got today. 
BILL TANNER: Okay, thanks, and congrats on something that I think makes a lot of sense. 
KEVIN YOUNG: Thank you. 
SUSAN HUBBARD: Thanks, Bill. 
OPERATOR: Michael Aberman, Credit Suisse. 
MICHAEL ABERMAN, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Thanks for taking my call. I guess my first question is a 
comment to last question. We're talking here about darusentan and (technical difficulty) and you're making a very 
large investment in a sales force in the cardiac space, and we haven't seen the Phase III data. And my concern 
here is you're committing to this product and the launch, no matter what the product profile looks like. That's not 
always a prudent way of looking at drug development and commercialization. 
I wonder if you can comment on that and what your expectations are. What gives you such confidence in a 
product where there have been failures in the past and sort of hypertensive in a very competitive marketplace, in 
a very cost-conscious marketplace, etc.? 
KEVIN YOUNG: Let me say first and foremost, Michael, it's not that way around. The asset that --. 
SUSAN HUBBARD: Michael, we've got a lot of static on your line. 
MICHAEL ABERMAN: Sorry. 
KEVIN YOUNG: The asset that CVT have, Ranexa, we think is a phenomenal product with a huge potential. With 
this new label, it doesn't have any competition. And certainly when you have moved on from the classical 
long-acting nitrates, beta-blockers, calcium antagonists, this product has a really strong role to play in 
symptomatic relief, no bradycardia. Now in the labeled the improvement in Hb1c. There is a very, very strong 
profile for this product. 
So we are very much seeing this purchase today with CVT as around Ranexa. That is what we are doing this for. 
So the additional benefit it has is the potential to provide us with a platform for darusentan. 
JOHN MILLIGAN: Mike, I think the simple way to think about it is this makes sense if darusentan is successful 
and it makes sense if darusentan is not successful. So either way it worked for us, which is why there was no 
point in waiting, and clearly we couldn't wait. So it made an awful lot of sense to us to do it now. 
MICHAEL ABERMAN: This is obviously a quote/unquote white knight bid, I guess they call this. To what extent 
are you willing to -- given your comments now about it being a phenomenal product with a high potential, we 
haven't seen other bidders come in that may have more expertise in cardiovascular that see this asset and share 
that same view as you. How committed are you to pursuing this, in the event of the bidding continues? 
JOHN MILLIGAN: We are very committed to this process and to this asset. I think this is a very important thing for 
Gilead, so we are committed. 
MICHAEL ABERMAN: Regardless of price or --? 
JOHN MILLIGAN: There is nothing in this world that is regardless of price. 
MICHAEL ABERMAN: Thanks. 
OPERATOR: Joel Sendek, Lazard Capital Markets.

Page 32 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
JOEL SENDEK, ANALYST, LAZARD CAPITAL MARKETS: Hi, thanks. From the last few conference calls, I 
certainly got the impression that your plate was full with a lot of things in your pipeline. So along those lines, I'm 
wondering if this reflects any lack of confidence in other pipeline compounds other than darusentan or the HIV 
franchise, or if this is just natural company growth and diversification? 
JOHN MILLIGAN: I'll get to the second part of this. No, there is nothing in our pipeline that we lack confidence in. 
What we have been saying specifically is that we have a very full pipeline, and that there is really nothing that we 
need to do at this time to continue to run the Company the way we are. 
However, we have been saying, given the environment and given the opportunities out there, that this year it 
might make sense for us to do something, but that we would keep the bar very high in terms of the kinds of things 
that we are likely to do. And CVT clearly met and exceeded that bar in terms of what it could do for the Company 
and the future of the Company, and that is why it was an important thing for us to do now. 
JOEL SENDEK: Can you talk a little bit about the relaunch? Is the potential for Ranexa contingent from a CV 
perspective on this deal going through and adding the reps that you guys are going to add, and how should we 
model that out? 
JOHN MILLIGAN: From CVT's perspective? Well, I think it's hard to answer that. I think that this is a product, as 
Kevin says, that deserves more resources than it has and deserves a lot more medical affairs and medical 
education support than they've been able to put behind the product. As we have talked to doctors and really 
talked to the practicing cardiologists, they have been touched only infrequently by the sales force of CVT. 
So it is clear that with a little promotional effort and with a lot more educational effort, we can really start to 
educate people on this kind of product. It had a bad label, so you are starting from a negative, and that requires 
expert resources to turn people around. And I think that is the resource that we can bring to this marketplace. 
JOEL SENDEK: Thank you. 
OPERATOR: Jason Kantor, RBC Capital Markets. 
JASON KANTOR, ANALYST, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS: Thanks for taking my questions, and congratulations on 
another big move here. I guess a lot of my questions have been answered, but a couple that are left. How did you 
derive the value here? How do you come up with a valuation to support this deal? 
JOHN MILLIGAN: We aren't going to break down the individual parts of it. But as you can imagine, there's quite a 
bit of it that is valued on future revenues and profits from Ranexa, also Lexiscan royalties as well. In fact, we 
modeled it as not only royalties in the US but royalties in the EU, so we haven't modeled it as such as a product 
that we would sell. 
We certainly modeled it in terms of some synergies across the organizations, the considerable NOLs that they 
have that are valuable to us, the cash on hand net of the debt that they have. And that got us to a pretty 
comfortable place, given the forecast we think we have for Ranexa. 
JASON KANTOR: And other acquisitions you've done, you've kept -- in some cases, you've kept the organization 
somewhat freestanding. Others you sort of dissolved it and just kept the key assets. How do you see this going 
forward? Will you consolidate everything in Foster City or are you going to be running a Palo Alto division as well, 
and what does that mean for costs? 
JOHN MILLIGAN: We haven't worked out exactly where people are going to go, but I can say that the CVT 
people are a very important part of this acquisition. And we will work with the team there to make sure that we 
have the best campus or campuses available, depending on the cost and availability of space. 
JASON KANTOR: All right, thank you. 
OPERATOR: Maykin Ho, Goldman Sachs. 
MAYKIN HO, ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS: Just a question about the patent expiry. I know that you mentioned 
earlier, but didn't really specify any timeframe. Am I correct in understanding that generic manufacturers can 
actually file something early in 2010 on the NCE? 
JOHN MILLIGAN: Yes, Maykin. So the patents on Ranexa expire in 2019, but the product was launched three 
years ago. So under Hatch-Waxman legislation, that exclusivity would expire in January of 2011. But that means 
as early as early as January of 2010, a patent -- generic manufacturers could file an ANDA, and then we would

Page 33 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
go through the standard processes that you go through when these things happen, including a 30-month stay and 
all the associated back-and-forth lawsuits. So that would be the process that we would expect this to undergo. 
MAYKIN HO: But the (inaudible) patent expired already, right? 
JOHN MILLIGAN: That is correct, that is correct. There are nine different patents. Most of them are contingent 
upon certain exposures of the extended release and formulations. 
MAYKIN HO: Okay, thanks. 
OPERATOR: Jim Birchenough, Barclays Capital. 
JIM BIRCHENOUGH, ANALYST, BARCLAYS CAPITAL: Hi, guys, just a couple of follow-up questions. This is a 
market that hasn't seen a new drug for 20 years or a new category of drug. And to your point, you've talked to 
physicians that don't seem to know much about the drug. There may be a lot of patients parked at the primary 
care physician level not feeding into the cardiologist. So I'm just trying to get a sense of how you expand this drug 
without going beyond the current prescribing base. 
KEVIN YOUNG: Hi, Jim, it's Kevin. I do think to your very point that we have an important educational job. And 
certainly from our discussions with CVT, they're starting to make inroads into that with the 170 representatives. 
But first and foremost, you've got to educate your specialists. And with increased medical education resource that 
John referred to, I think we can do that. And that is going to be -- that is going to be our focus. 
I think we can then start to think about if we want to take it beyond that specialist audience, how we would do it. 
Right now, CVT are actually engaging in a test market through some contract resource in primary care. We will 
want to look at that and assess that and work with them to understand why they were doing that. 
But we will get into that, hopefully, in the next few months and then start to think about what would be a 
longer-term game plan. But I do want to stress our focus, first and foremost, will be penetration into the refractory 
angina market through the cardiologist. 
SUSAN HUBBARD: Operator, forgive me for jumping in here. We are getting pretty close to market open, so I just 
want to say thank you very much, all of you, for joining us. We are out of time for questions right now, but we are 
happy to take your calls when we are back in our offices shortly. We appreciate your continued interest in Gilead 
and look forward to talking to you all. Thanks so much. 
OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. You may all disconnect, and 
thank you for participating. 
[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web 
site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. 
In the conference calls upon which Event Briefs are based, companies may make projections or other 
forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current 
expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any 
forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified 
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the 
assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove 
inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the 
forward-looking statements will be realized. 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT BRIEFS REFLECTS THOMSON FINANCIAL'S SUBJECTIVE 
CONDENSED PARAPHRASE OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND THERE MAY BE 
MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE 
CONFERENCE CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY 
ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE 
INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT BRIEF. USERS ARE ADVISED TO 
REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S 
SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.] 
Document FNDW000020090326e53c000jh

Page 34 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE 3-Gilead pulls CV Therapeutics from jaws of Astellas 
UPDATE 3-Gilead pulls CV Therapeutics from jaws of Astellas 
By Toni Clarke 
444 words 
12 March 2009 
08:55 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2009 Reuters Limited 
(Adds analyst comment, updates share prices) 
BOSTON, March 12 (Reuters) - Gilead Sciences Inc said on Thursday it has stepped in to acquire CV 
Therapeutics Inc for about $1.4 billion, rescuing the company from a hostile bid from Japan's Astellas Pharma 
Inc and sending CV's shares up nearly 29 percent. 
Foster City, California-based Gilead, which makes the HIV drugs Truvada, Viread and Atriplia, said it had signed 
a definitive agreement to acquire CV Therapeutics, which makes the cardiovascular drug Ranexa, for $20 a 
share in cash. 
"The acquisition of CV Therapeutics represents a unique opportunity to complement and strengthen our growing 
cardiovascular portfolio," Gilead Chief Executive John Martin said in a statement. 
The bid tops Astellas' $16-a-share offer, which was announced in January. Astellas turned hostile after the board 
of CV Therapeutics rejected the offer, saying it undervalued the company. 
Representatives from Astellas were not immediately available for comment, but some analysts believe Astellas 
could come back with a higher offer. 
"We would not be surprised to see Astellas offer $22 to $24 per share to close a deal with CV Therapeutics," 
said Joseph Schwartz, an analyst at Leerink Swann. "Astellas appears highly motivated to expand its 
cardiovascular sales presence in the U.S., and has sufficient flexibility to offer more to CV." 
With CV, Gilead will gain Ranexa, a drug to treat chronic angina that generated $109.3 million in sales in the 
United States in 2008, up 64 percent from the year before. 
Palo Alto, California-based CV also makes Lexiscan, an injection used as a stress agent in cardiovascular 
procedures. 
"Despite the Street's lack of enthusiasm for the cardiovascular space, Gilead remains committed to expanding its 
footprint here," said Geoff Meacham, an analyst at J.P. Morgan. "Given this focus, we believe this deal does 
make strategic sense." 
CV's board has approved the Gilead transaction, which will occur through a tender offer and second-step merger, 
and will recommend it to shareholders. Gilead said the transaction would be dilutive to its earnings in 2009, 
neutral to accretive in 2010, and accretive in 2011. 
Gilead executives said in a conference call with analysts that the deal had a break-up fee of 2 percent to 4 
percent. 
Gilead's shares fell 1.7 percent to $43.29 in midday trading on Nasdaq, while CV rose 28.13 percent to $20.50. 
(Additional reporting by Debra Sherman, editing by Maureen Bavdek, Lisa Von Ahn and Gunna Dickson) 
CVTHERAPEUTICS/ (UPDATE 3)|LANGEN|ABN|E|U|RBN|J|D|RNP|DNP|PCO 
Document LBA0000020090312e53c00148 
Search Summary

Page 35 of 35 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Text John Martin AND CV Therapeutics 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2010 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Gilead Sciences, Inc. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

