Page 1 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Citigroup CEO upbeat on US consumer unit, eyes M&A ................................................................................................2 
Citigroup Acquires Bisys Group (Updated Story) ............................................................................................................4

Page 2 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Citigroup CEO upbeat on US consumer unit, eyes M&A 
Citigroup CEO upbeat on US consumer unit, eyes M&A 
By Jonathan Stempel 
641 words 
15 May 2007 
14:45 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2007 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, May 15 (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc. Chief Executive Charles Prince, under shareholder pressure to 
improve results, said on Tuesday the bank's consumer business has turned the corner, and that he plans more 
acquisitions to fuel growth. 
Speaking at a UBS financial services conference, Prince said he is eyeing $1 billion to $4 billion acquisitions to 
help the largest U.S. bank generate 60 percent of revenue outside the United States, up from last year's 43 
percent. 
Since being freed last April from a year-long Federal Reserve ban on mergers while it cleaned up ethics 
problems, Citigroup said it has made a dozen acquisitions. The largest was last month's purchase of a majority 
stake in Nikko Cordial Corp. valuing the Japanese brokerage at $14 billion. 
"I feel good. Company's doing great, and I think our plans and programs are really beginning to show through," 
Prince said. 
He also said he is "very cautiously optimistic" about the long-struggling U.S. consumer unit, which includes 
branches, credit cards, and consumer finance, and boosted revenue 6 percent last quarter. "It feels like it's 
turned," he said. 
Citigroup shares rose 5 cents to $52.91 in afternoon trading. 
"GET WITH THE PROGRAM" 
Prince faces pressure to generate faster growth and boost a share price up just 16 percent since he took over in 
October 2003. That lags gains of 30 percent for Bank of America Corp. , 51 percent for JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
and 33 percent for the 24-member Philadelphia KBW Bank Index <.BKX>. 
Citigroup last month announced plans to cut 17,000 jobs, or 5 percent, to help slash spending by $4.58 billion. 
The bank is trying to reduce layers of management, technology and infrastructure, and distribute resources more 
efficiently. 
"The vast majority of people I meet accept, embrace the notion that this is the right way to go forward," Prince 
said. Those that don't, frankly, have to get out of the way. When people don't get with the program, they should 
leave." 
Citigroup is in the second year of a five-year plan to make its businesses in more than 100 countries work 
together better. Last week, the bank launched an advertising campaign featuring its "Citi" moniker and the tagline 
"Let's Get It Done." 
Prince acknowledged, though, that some customers may not notice much change in how they do business until 
the middle of 2008, when he would be nearing the end of his fifth year as chief executive. 
"Each year, '06. '07, '08, '09, '10, we have very specific building blocks," Prince said. "I'm very impatient, I wish it 
were tomorrow.... I think it will tip over in the middle of '08 in terms of how it feels for the customer set." 
ACQUISITIONS

Page 3 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Among Citigroup's recent acquisitions are Nikko, Internet bank Egg, Central America's Grupo Cuscatlan, 
transaction services provider Bisys Group Inc. and hedge fund Old Lane Partners LP. 
The bank also led a group that won control of China's Guangdong Development Bank for $3.1 billion, and paid a 
similar amount for a one-fifth stake in Turkey's Akbank. 
"I am a big fan of putting a lot of bets on the table, not a single big bet," Prince said. "I am not interested in owning 
5 percent or 10 percent or 15 percent as a pure investment." 
Prince is also trying to bolster areas within Citigroup's corporate and investment bank that are "basically not on 
the playing field," including commodities trading and prime brokerage. He said it was a mistake to quit both in the 
late 1990s, when Citigroup considered them too risky. 
CITIGROUP/|LANGEN|ABN|E|RBN|U|M|D|Z|J|RNP|DNP 
Document LBA0000020070515e35f002oa

Page 4 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Citigroup Acquires Bisys Group (Updated Story) 
Citigroup Acquires Bisys Group (Updated Story) 
Emma Trincal, Senior Financial Correspondent 
1,261 words 
2 May 2007 
HedgeWorld News 
HDGWR 
English 
(c) 2007 
NEW YORK (HedgeWorld.com)—Amid a worldwide effort among banks to strengthen all aspects of their hedge 
fund businesses, including back office and fund services, Citigroup Inc. announced today [May 2] that it acquired 
Bisys Group Inc., the Roseland, N.J.-based fund administrator and distributor, for $1.45 billion in an all cash 
transaction. 
“In addition to demonstrating Citi’s continued commitment to investing in high-growth areas of our business, this 
acquisition enhances our fund of fund and mutual fund servicing capabilities while establishing Citi as a leading 
provider of private equity fund services,” said Tom Maheras, co-president of Citi Markets & Banking, in a 
statement. 
The deal will help make Citigroup one of the largest hedge fund and mutual fund service providers, as Bisys is 
one of the top five firms in this business. In particular, Citigroup is buying Bisys’ Investment Service Division, 
which comprises the Fund Services and Alternative Investment Services business, a group that provides 
administration and distribution services not only for mutual funds but also for hedge funds and private equity 
funds. 
“Citi will enable us to offer our clients access to the full platform of capital markets and global banking solutions,” 
said Robert Casale, chairman of the board, interim president & chief executive at Bisys Group, Inc., in a 
statement. 
Bisys, with $685 billion in assets under administration, is well-known for its hedge fund administration services 
but it also provides infrastructure support for private equity firms and fund accounting services to mutual fund 
investors. With this acquisition, Citigroup is buying all three businesses, said Neeraj Sahai, Citigroup’s global 
head of securities and fund services, in an interview. Securities and fund services is a Citi business unit that 
offers fund administration services, securities financing, clearing and settlement, as well as middle- and 
back-office support. 
Mr. Sahai’s group generated $1.8 billion in revenues last year, growing by 27% a year over the past three years. 
“Once Bisys will be consolidated, we expect double-digit growth to continue for our business,” Mr. Sahai said. 
The acquisition should also allow Citigroup to better serve its key hedge fund and private equity clients. “As 
hedge fund investing has become more complex and evolved toward more globalization, with multi-strategy 
platforms in multi-currency formats, fund administration has become more complex and Bisys will help us serve 
the needs of these core clients,” said Mr. Sahai. 
The timing of this acquisition, only a month after Charles Prince, Citigroup’s chief executive, announced that the 
bank will cut 17,000 jobs may surprise some. But the net cost of the transaction will be in reality $800 million after 
the deal closes in the second half of the year. That is because Citigroup announced that it will get rid of Bisys’ 
retirement and insurance business by selling it to private equity firm J.C. Flowers & Co. LLC. 
In addition, the acquisition is likely to lead to more layoffs. “By merging the two platforms, you realize cost 
savings,” said Alois Pirker, a senior analyst at Boston-based financial research firm Aite Group LLC, in an 
interview. “Once the target headcount will be established, business by business, they will probably let go some 
people.” But Mr. Sahai said that Bisys and Citigroup complete one another. For instance, Bisys does not have a 
prime brokerage unit, nor does it have a securities financing unit. On the other hand, Bisys will add hedge fund 
capacity, he noted. As a result, the merger should benefit both entities by adding more products, he said. 
The transaction demonstrates Citigroup’s strategic focus on building a competitive servicing business. It follows a 
business expansion effort that began in March when Citigroup created Hedge Fund Services, a new fund 
administration group that also provides financing and prime brokerage services , said Mr. Sahai.

Page 5 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Also, just last week, the bank announced that it acquired a majority stake in Nikko Cordial, the Japanese 
brokerage firm. In the hedge fund area, Citigroup last month hired veteran hedge fund manager Vikram Pandit to 
run its Alternative Investments Group . 
“The chief executive sees that Citi shares are under pressure and he has to make bold moves in order to show 
the stock market that the bank is committed to be more profitable,” said Mr. Pirker. 
With this deal, Citigroup is also showing that it is serious about the servicing business, although this is not the first 
time the bank has moved in that direction. 
In 2003, Citigroup bought Forum Financial Group, a provider of fund administration services. Two years later, 
Citigroup acquired Unisen Inc., a Canadian-based subsidiary of AGF Management Ltd., and a fund administration 
service provider, creating a servicing platform in Canada. 
But now the pressure to enter the servicing business may be even stronger. “Two things are at play. These 
servicing businesses are facing margin pressures and you need to get your volume up and add more clients to 
remain competitive,” said Mr. Pirker. “And also, they wanted to enter the hedge fund and private equity servicing 
business. Bisys has been in that business for a long time and so it was attractive for Citi.” 
In their quest to conquer the hedge fund market, large investment banks have recently acquired hedge fund 
managers. Buying fund administration providers can be a lucrative endeavor, as well. In fact, all facets of the 
alternative investment business count in this competitive race among banks. “There is a bit of a shake-up in the 
fund servicing sector with some firms having to reach a certain size to be profitable and others selling themselves 
as they are not willing to invest and acquire other firms,” said Mr. Pirker. 
In the last year, three important deals took place in the fund service sector showing that large banks and asset 
management firms keep pushing the boundaries of their businesses. 
In 2005, Mellon Financial Corp. acquired DPM, a Somerset, N.J.-based hedge fund administrator . 
Last December, the Bank of New York announced its acquisition of Mellon Financial Corp. for $16.5 billion in a 
move designed to boost the Bank of New York’s asset management capacity as well as to strengthen its servicing 
operations . 
In February, State Street Corp. acquired Investors Financial Services Corp., a fund service provider, in a $4.5 
billion stock transaction. 
The deal with Citigroup ends Bisys’ effort to find a buyer after the fund service company announced last year that 
it had put itself up for sale. In a conference call today, Bisys’ Mr. Casale said that his company received four 
letters of intent from bidders between February and April and entered a period of exclusivity with Citigroup early 
last month. 
The sale should also satisfy Okumus Capital LLC, a hedge fund that owns 10.4% of Bisys and whose founder, 
Ahmet H. Okumus, had agitated for change. Bisys stock (NYSE: BSG) closed on Wednesday up 24 cents per 
share, or nearly 2.1%, at $11.71 per share; volume was nearly 10 times normal, with more than 15.5 million 
shares changing hands, compared with a three-month average daily volume of about 1.6 million shares. Bisys’ 
shareholders will receive as a result of the transaction $11.85 per share in cash and a special dividend of $0.15 to 
be paid after the closing. 
Citigroup shares (NYSE: C) closed up 10 cents at $54.30 per share. Volume was slightly below the three-month 
daily average of 21 million shares. 
ETrincal@HedgeWorld.com 
Document HDGWR00020070503e35200004 
Search Summary 
Text Charles Prince AND bisys 
Date All Dates 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors

Page 6 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Company Citigroup, Inc. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

