Page 1 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
DoJ moves to block First Data-Concord merger .............................................................................................................2 
EXPEDITED HEARING ORDERED CONCERNING FIRST DATA-CONCORD MERGER.(Brief Article)......................4 
FOTE REMAINS CONFIDENT THAT DOJ WILL OK CONCORD PURCHASE.(First Data Corp. Chairman and CEO 
Charles Fote)(Brief Article)..............................................................................................................................................5 
CEO Says First Data Follows Cautious Approach to Buyout of Concord EFS. ..............................................................6 
FIRST DATA MAY FACE REGULATORY TROUBLE.(Brief Article) ..............................................................................8 
First Data CEO gets $36.7 million from options. .............................................................................................................9 
First Data Shares Slump on Speculation over Bid for Rival Concord EFS. ..................................................................10

Page 2 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
DoJ moves to block First Data-Concord merger 
DoJ moves to block First Data-Concord merger 
1,001 words 
10 November 2003 
Cards International 
CARDIN 
English 
(c) 2003 VRL Knowledgebank. All rights reserved. This article has been published by VRL Knowledgebank and 
can be found by visiting 
By Matt Ablott 
First Data Corp's planned $7 billion merger with US PIN-debit network rival Concord EFS is in jeopardy after the 
US Department of Justice (DoJ) filed a lawsuit aimed at blocking the deal on anti-trust grounds. 
The regulator filed its lawsuit in a US district court on 23 October claiming that the merger would "substantially 
reduce competition" in the US PIN debit marketplace and would result in customers paying "higher prices for 
goods and services from merchants that offer debit transactions." 
"If allowed to proceed, this merger of two of the three largest PIN networks will lead to higher prices to merchants, 
forcing them to pass on those price increases to many consumers throughout the US in the form of higher prices 
for general merchandise," said R Hewitt Pate, the DoJ's assistant attorney general for anti-trust, in a statement. 
"[PIN debit networks] provide an increasingly important method of payment for consumers and retailers because 
PIN debit is the least expensive, most efficient and most secure form of card payment," Pate added. 
The DoJ has been investigating the deal since it was announced in April this year and extended its investigation 
in June after an initial review period proved inconclusive. 
First Data hit back at the DoJ's accusations on the same day with CEO Charles Fote calling the decision 
"inaccurate and ill-advised" and vowing to vigorously defend the transaction in court. 
"It seems that the DoJ has either misinterpreted or ignored both rapidly changing industry dynamics as well as a 
common-sense interpretation of a marketplace that clearly encompasses both PIN and signature debit," said 
Fote. "For instance, they seem to have ignored recent wins by competitors for some of the largest banks in the 
US. We believe the government's case is without merit, and we look forward to proving that in court." 
Fote also claimed that the DoJ had rejected an offer to meet with First Data to discuss its objections. 
The DoJ's anti-trust concerns centre on the fact that the deal would see the merged company command almost 
70 percent of the domestic PIN debit market. Concord's STAR network is the current market leader with a market 
share estimated to be as high as 60 percent whilst First Data's rival NYCE network, which First Data acquired in 
2001, enjoys a 10 percent market share despite being largely limited to the North Eastern US States. 
The top four PIN debit networks occupy around 90 percent of the burgeoning PIN debit market. US Consumers 
made $150 billion purchases via PIN debit networks last year. 
The merging of STAR and NYCE - currently the first and third largest networks - would leave Visa's Interlink 
network as the only serious competitor. Visa has successfully managed to convert key STAR customers such as 
Bank One, Wachovia and most recently Wells Fargo (see page 4) over to its Interlink system this year and is now 
the second largest player in the market with an estimated 14 percent market share. 
However, First Data has always disputed the claim that the merger would lead to a market share as high as 70 
percent and has insisted that the market should be judged on a broader scale, which it claims would give the new 
company a market share of less than 50 percent. In its statement in response to the DoJ accusations, First Data 
said that the regulator had focussed only on the market for PIN debit services at point-of-sale, and had ignored 
the wider ATM market.

Page 3 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
"I find it ironic that the DoJ is acting against a transaction where the combined company would handle less than 
45 percent of PIN debit transactions, when only two years ago, the DoJ approved Concord's acquisition of STAR, 
which resulted in Concord handling approximately 60 percent of exactly the same transactions," Fote said. 
The DoJ described Fote's claim of a 45 percent market share as the most "conservative estimate possible" of the 
post-merger marketplace. 
First Data and Concord officials said they are prepared to proceed quickly with the case and will ask the court to 
rule on the DoJ's request to block the deal well in advance of the 31 January 2004 termination date in the First 
Data and Concord merger agreement. The company had originally planned to complete the merger in the third 
quarter of this year. 
It is unclear what will happen if the DoJ is successful in blocking the transaction but it seems likely that First Data 
may be forced to divest the NYCE network for the larger STAR market. 
First Data and Concord had planned to finalise the deal in a shareholder meeting scheduled for 28 October. 
If the regulatory problems are overcome First Data plans to acquire all outstanding Concord stock in an all-stock 
transaction valued at approximately $7 billion. First Data will issue around 200 million common shares to Concord 
shareholders. 
First Data is already the world's largest credit card processing company and the addition of the Concord business 
would see the company's annual revenues swell to $10 billion, employing 31,000 people worldwide. 
*The First Data - Concord merger also came under attack last month from a coalition of Hispanic organisations 
which, in a letter to the DoJ, claimed that the merger would "increase First Data's stranglehold on many payment 
markets" and deter the development of new financial products aimed at the large "unbanked" population in Latin 
America. 
The concerns focus on First Data's dominance of the lucrative remittances market between the US and Latin 
America via its Western Union subsidiary. "By combining Concord's strong relationships in the [supermarket] 
merchant segment, First Data will be able to increasingly foreclose this distribution segment from other remittance 
rivals." 
The letter also claimed that First Data would neglect STAR's ATM-to-ATM remittance product in favour of the 
Western Union service. 
Document CARDIN0020031201dzba00001

Page 4 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
EXPEDITED HEARING ORDERED CONCERNING FIRST DATA-CONCORD MERGER.(Brief Article) 
EXPEDITED HEARING ORDERED CONCERNING FIRST DATA-CONCORD MERGER.(Brief Article) 
201 words 
31 October 2003 
Cardline 
CRDF 
1
Volume 3; Issue 44 
English 
Copyright 2003 Gale Group Inc. All rights reserved. 
U.S. District Court Judge Rosemary M. Collyer yesterday set a trial date of Dec. 15 on the merits of the U.S. 
Justice Department's lawsuit to block the $7 billion merger between First Data Corp. and Concord EFS Inc., 
according to court documents. In a joint statement, Concord and First Data said the order by Collyer, who sits on 
the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, "provides that a hearing on the government's motion for a 
preliminary injunction will be consolidated with a trial ..." Charles Fote, First Data's chairman and CEO, said he 
was thankful that the court agreed to an "expedited schedule." Judge Collyer will reconvene yesterday's 
scheduling hearing at 4 -35 p.m. (ET) today to discuss pending motions. First Data and Concord shareholders 
yesterday voted to approve the merger despite the Justice Department's lawsuit (CardLine 10-28). The DOJ has 
sued to block the merger because the agency considers it anti-competitive. First Data and Concord feel the 
opposite. 
Copyright 2003 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
http://www.thomsonmedia.comhttp://www.cardforum.com 
COPYRIGHT 2003 Thomson Media 
Document CRDF000020031104dzav0000m

Page 5 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
FOTE REMAINS CONFIDENT THAT DOJ WILL OK CONCORD PURCHASE.(First Data Corp. Chairman and CEO Charles Fote)(Brief Article) 
FOTE REMAINS CONFIDENT THAT DOJ WILL OK CONCORD PURCHASE.(First Data Corp. Chairman and 
CEO Charles Fote)(Brief Article) 
266 words 
17 October 2003 
Cardline 
CRDF 
1
Volume 3; Issue 42 
English 
Copyright 2003 Gale Group Inc. All rights reserved. 
First Data Corp. Chairman and CEO, Charles Fote, remains confident the U.S. Department of Justice will 
approve the card processor's proposed purchase of Concord EFS Inc. and its Star network. Fote, in a 
teleconference with financial analysts this morning, says he's optimistic that FDC can close on the nearly $8 
billion deal prior to the Oct. 28 First Data stockholder meeting in which shareholders are scheduled to vote on the 
purchase. The DOJ is said to be troubled with combining Star, the nation's largest PIN-based debit network, with 
the second-largest network, NYCE. First Data has a majority stake in NYCE. Making the deal even more 
complicated is FDC's status as the nation's largest merchant payment processor. Greenwood Village, CO, FDC 
today reported third-quarter revenues of $2.14 billion, up 10% from $1.94 billion in 2002's third quarter et income 
was $380.4 million, up 11% compared with $342.5 million during 2002's third quarter. 
Third-quarter revenues from FDC's domestic card-issuing services were $492 million, up 1% compared with 
2002's third quarter. Merchant Services, however, reported third-quarter revenues of $785 million, up 12% from 
last year, and Payment Services, which includes Western Union, reported third-quarter revenues of $935 million, 
up 14% compared with the same three-month period last year. 
Copyright 2003 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
http://www.thomsonmedia.comhttp://www.cardforum.com 
COPYRIGHT 2003 Thomson Media 
Document CRDF000020031021dzah0000a

Page 6 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
CEO Says First Data Follows Cautious Approach to Buyout of Concord EFS. 
CEO Says First Data Follows Cautious Approach to Buyout of Concord EFS. 
By Aldo Svaldi, The Denver Post. 
791 words 
13 April 2003 
KRTBN Knight-Ridder Tribune Business News: Denver Post 
KRTBN 
English 
Copyright (C) 2003 KRTBN Knight Ridder Tribune Business News 
Apr. 13-As he pursues a $6.77 billion purchase of Concord EFS Inc., First Data chief executive and chairman 
Charles Fote knows how overconfident companies can get tripped up in an acquisition. 
First Data has followed a more sober approach to buyouts ever since struggling through the 1995 merger with 
Atlanta-based First Financial Management Corp., the parent of Western Union. 
"We stopped reading our own press clippings and decided we weren't the best operating company," Fote told a 
Denver audience at the Rocky Mountain Corporate Growth Conference on Thursday. 
First Data, based in Greenwood Village, seriously studies a dozen or more deals a year, but only closes on three 
or four of them, he said. The Concord deal would be its largest since the $6.6 billion combination with First 
Financial. 
To help smooth the integration of companies into First Data, Fote retains a psychologist on staff. But his 
philosophy on mergers is simple. 
"Don't go outside the core," Fote told Denver dealmakers. 
Analysts see Concord and First Data as a good fit, but they worry that Concord's Star Systems Inc., the nation's 
largest ATM and retail debit card network, could fail to renew key contracts with banks. 
"A lot of those Star negotiations are up and have caused some uncertainty," said Connor Browne of Thornburg 
Investment Management in Santa Fe. 
Antitrust regulators may also require First Data to sell off assets as a condition of approving a merger with 
Concord. 
With the Concord merger, First Data would control 69 percent of the $900 million market of fees from ATMs and 
transactions where consumers enter a PIN number at merchants, according to the Nilson Report. First Data's 
credit-and debit-card-processing market share would climb to 49 percent from 42 percent. 
Antitrust concerns "are right now the biggest risk," said UBS Warburg analyst Adam Frisch. "If that delays the 
closing of this acquisition, the question is, will it impact Concord's ability to re-sign its bank contracts?" 
First Data could be pushed to sell its 64 percent interest in NYCE Corp., the New York City area's biggest ATM 
network, to appease regulators. 
Fote, 54, says he's aware of the challenges of trying to keep Concord's customers and resolving regulatory 
issues. 
"We know who (the customers) are, and we're working hard to get the business," Fote said. He also said First 
Data and Concord "feel pretty good about the antitrust issue." 
To keep bank clients, Concord may have to pay about $500 million in "upfront capital payments" to persuade 
them to stay, according to Credit Suisse First Boston analyst Dris Upitis Fote has also said he would consider 
giving banks an interest in the network itself or sharing profits. "There are benefits to sharing," he said, pointing to 
the company's Western Union subsidiary, also based in Greenwood Village. 
Fote took Western Union from 40,000 U.S. locations and 25,000 sites abroad to more than 160,000 worldwide by 
landing agreements with the postal services in India, China, Germany and France.

Page 7 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Western Union pays out about $650 million in commissions to its 382 "superagents" around the world, money 
some observers argue the company should try to pocket itself. 
But agents do the hard work of signing up retailers and navigating the local culture and customs. 
Western Union could have kept the commissions and been a much smaller company than it is today, Fote said. 
He has targeted 14 percent to 17 percent growth for First Data, possible because of Western Union's strong 
growth internationally. 
Concord could help the firm beef up its transaction-processing business by giving it more strength on the 
debit-card side, analysts said. 
By Colorado standards, First Data's purchase of Concord is huge, the sixth-largest merger in the past decade 
involving a company in the state. 
But if the mega-deals preceding this one are any guide, First Data will need to advance with care. 
Qwest's purchase of US West and AT&T's acquisitions of TCI and MediaOne, deals much larger than the 
Concord one, destroyed billions in shareholder value despite fanfare surrounding how much value they would 
generate. 
Investors have also remained skeptical of the deal, holding down First Data's stock price to below where it was 
before news of the deal leaked out April 1. 
Bloomberg News contributed to this report. 
-
To see more of The Denver Post, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to http://www.denverpost.com 
(c) 2003, The Denver Post. Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. FDC, CEFT, Q, T,. 
Document krtbn00020030415dz4d000s4

Page 8 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
FIRST DATA MAY FACE REGULATORY TROUBLE.(Brief Article) 
FIRST DATA MAY FACE REGULATORY TROUBLE.(Brief Article) 
289 words 
11 April 2003 
Cardline 
CRDF 
1
Volume 3; Issue 15 
English 
Copyright 2003 Gale Group Inc. All rights reserved. COPYRIGHT 2003 Thomson Media 
The acquisition of Concord EFS Inc. by First Data Corp. will vastly expand First Data's market share in two 
debit-related areas, and one antitrust attorney believes that fact will spark a challenge. Concord is the largest 
driver of ATMs in the U.S., with about 95,000 contracts, while the Montvale, NJ-based NYCE network, in which 
First Data already owns a majority stake, has about 11,000 ATMs under contract. First Data would instantly 
become the dominant ATM driver in the nation, with at least 106,000 driving contracts, which includes acquiring 
all transactions processed on those ATMs. That represents about 30% of all the estimated 352,000 ATMs 
deployed in the U.S., according to Cardline's sister publication, ATM&Debit News' EFT Data Book. The market 
share is more than half of all off-premise, nonbank ATMs because the majority of the contracts are in that market. 
In addition, First Data would switch about 61.3% of all PIN-based point-of-sale and ATM transactions with the 
combined Star-NYCE switch. That level of market share is likely to raise eyebrows among merchant acquirers 
and antitrust regulators, says David Balto, an antitrust attorney at White & Case in Washington, DC. Balto says he 
expects a challenge to the buyout by merchants and scrutiny by either the Federal Trade Commission or the U.S. 
Department of Justice's antitrust division. First Data CEO Charles Fote told analysts recently that he foresees no 
roadblocks to regulatory approval. 
Copyright 2003 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. http://www.thomsonmedia.com, 
http://www.cardforum.com 
FULL TEXT Thomson Media THIS IS THE FULL TEXT: COPYRIGHT 2003 Thomson Media 
Document crdf000020030425dz4b0000x

Page 9 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
First Data CEO gets $36.7 million from options. 
First Data CEO gets $36.7 million from options. 
318 words 
7 April 2003 
14:59 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2003 Reuters Limited 
NEW YORK, April 7 (Reuters) - Charles Fote, chief executive of First Data Corp. (FDC.N), one of the largest 
U.S. credit card processors, last year collected $36.7 million by exercising stock options, a securities filing shows. 
Fote, 54, who has been CEO of First Data since Jan. 2002 and chairman since Jan. 2003, exercised 1.08 million 
options worth $36,727,209, according to First Data's proxy statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission. 
The options were granted under a 1992 long-term incentive plan, the filing shows. As of Dec. 31, Fote still had 
about 2.1 million exercisable options worth $25.7 and 1.3 million unexercisable options worth $7.2 million, it 
shows. 
Fote was Greenwood Village, Colorado-based First Data's chief operating officer from Sept. 1998 to Jan. 2002, 
and executive vice president from its April 1992 initial public offering to Sept. 1998. 
Fote also received about $2.5 million of other compensation last year, compared with $2.7 million in 2001, the 
filing shows. 
In 2002, First Data paid him a $1 million salary and an $832,000 bonus. He also received $467,989 of long-term 
incentive payouts and $195,842 of other compensation, the filing shows. 
Fote was not granted any options in 2002, but his annual option grant for that year was made in Dec. 2001 upon 
his election as CEO, First Data said. 
Last week, First Data said it will buy Concord EFS (CE.N) for nearly $7 billion. The combined company would 
control more than two-thirds of the market for processing ATM transactions for retailers. 
First Data shares traded Monday afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange at $34.79, up 61 cents. The shares 
closed one year ago at $43.83 after accounting for a 2-for-1 stock split. 
Document lba0000020030407dz47011t6

Page 10 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
First Data Shares Slump on Speculation over Bid for Rival Concord EFS. 
First Data Shares Slump on Speculation over Bid for Rival Concord EFS. 
By Aldo Svaldi, The Denver Post. 
668 words 
2 April 2003 
KRTBN Knight-Ridder Tribune Business News: Denver Post 
KRTBN 
English 
Copyright (C) 2003 KRTBN Knight Ridder Tribune Business News 
Apr. 2-Shares of First Data Corp. slumped Tuesday on speculation that Colorado's largest public company was 
ready to make a $7 billion bid for a Memphis competitor. 
First Data, based in Greenwood Village, is in advanced talks to acquire Concord EFS Inc., which oversees the 
country's largest network of automated teller machines, according to press reports. 
"We don't speculate on market rumors," said Staci Busby, spokeswoman for First Data, a response echoed by 
Concord spokeswoman Melinda Mercurio. 
The boards of directors at the two companies, however, were reportedly meeting Tuesday afternoon to discuss a 
combination, according to sources. 
Stock investors reacted as if the deal were already signed and sealed. Concord's shares jumped 26.3 percent on 
the news to close at $11.87 on Tuesday, giving the company a market value of $6 billion. 
That value, combined with $607 million in liabilities Concord owes, points to a price tag close to $7 billion. 
First Data shares, in contrast, fell $2.33, or 6.3 percent, to $34.68, even though analysts said they considered the 
two companies natural candidates for a combination. 
"The market is incorporating an assumption that First Data is overpaying," said Todd Lukasik, a stock analyst with 
Morningstar in Chicago. 
Concerns about whether First Data is overpaying are based on doubts about whether Concord can hold together 
its chief asset, Star Systems Inc. 
Star runs 241,000 ATMs, most owned and branded under bank names, and a million of those little boxes at retail 
locations where customers swipe their debit cards and punch in their sonal identification numbers, Mercurio said. 
To keep that vast network together, Concord must renew contracts with several large banks next year, including 
Wells Fargo & Co. Those banks are expected to demand $500 million in "upfront capital payments," according to 
Credit Suisse First Boston. 
Concerns that those contracts wouldn't get renewed helped push Concord's stock from $33 a year ago to under 
$10. 
Last month, rumors began circulating that Concord would be put up for sale, a sign that management wasn't 
confident it could keep things together. 
"First Data is one of the very few buyers that really made a lot of sense for Concord," said John Kraft, an analyst 
with D.A. Davidson & Co. in Portland, Ore. 
First Data dominates credit card processing, and Concord was the leader in debit card processing. Together the 
two will have 69 percent of the $900 million market for debit-card transactions, according to David Robertson, 
publisher of the Nilson Report, which tracks the credit card industry. 
Analysts expect First Data will have more resources than Concord to keep the Star network together. 
"I would be surprised if First Data would purchase Concord if they didn't think they wouldn't be able to renew 
those contracts," said Timothy Willi, an equity analyst in A.G. Edwards in St. Louis. 
First Data owns a two-thirds stake in NYCE Corp., an ATM and debit network concentrated in New York.

Page 11 of 11 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
First Data has made the bigger banks in the network its partners in NYCE, Lukasik said, binding them more tightly 
to the network. 
First Data CEO Charles Fote said in January that the company would seek acquisitions so it can increase sales 
at a target rate of 14 percent to 17 percent a year. Although analysts said they suspect a deal is in the works, they 
caution it could fall apart. 
Concord and First Data have discussed a combination on and off for several years without ever reaching an 
agreement. 
Also, First Data dropped a bid for Alphyra Group, Ireland's largest credit card processor, earlier this year. 
Bloomberg contributed to this report. 
-
To see more of The Denver Post, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to http://www.denverpost.com 
(c) 2003, The Denver Post. Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. FDC, CEFT,. 
Document krtbn00020030406dz420040v 
Search Summary 
Text Charles Fote AND Concord EFS 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2004 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company First Data Corp. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

