Page 1 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
SMARTMONEY.COM: Pain 101 .....................................................................................................................................2 
A Return Visit to Earlier Stories -- Family Matters: Opposition from Hewlett and Packard clans could scuttle H-P 
merger with Compaq .......................................................................................................................................................5 
BARRON'S: Review & Preview Follow-Up -- A Return Visit To Earlier Stories -- Family Matters: Opposition From 
Hewlett And Packard Clans ............................................................................................................................................6 
BARRON'S: Review & Preview Follow-Up -- A Return Visit To Earlier Stories -- Family Matters: Opposition From 
Hewlett And Packard Clans ............................................................................................................................................7 
HP Board Members Fully Committed to HP Leadership and Compaq Transaction........................................................8 
Monti Says European Commission To Rule on H-P- Compaq Merger .........................................................................10 
HP to take control of procurement from Compaq in Taiwan. ........................................................................................11 
No Easy Task: Mixing, Matching H-P and Compaq --- In Europe, the Computer Firms Are Structured Very Differently . 
12 
Job Cuts Expected As Hewlett-Packard Takes Over Rival. ..........................................................................................14 
Hewlett-Packard to buy rival computer maker Compaq - NYT......................................................................................15 
Hewlett buying Compaq to create computer giant ........................................................................................................16 
HP in talks to buy Compaq Deal would value PC firm at $26-billion .............................................................................17

Page 2 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
SMARTMONEY.COM: Pain 101 
SMARTMONEY.COM: Pain 101 
By Matthew Goldstein 
1,571 words 
26 December 2001 
20:25 
Dow Jones News Service 
DJ 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
Of SMARTMONEY.COM 
WHEN IT COMES TO the investing lessons it handed out, this year's stock market was certainly the school of 
hard knocks. Investors received a graduate-level education in the meaning of risk, the pain of loss and the value 
of diversification in 2001. And for many of them, the tuition bill was awfully steep. 
And in this costly curriculum of woe, seven courses, involving six stocks, stand out as prerequisites for 
graduation. They make up our list of 2001's investing lessons for the future. 
Lesson One 
Enron (ENE): Don't Trust Wall Street Analysts 
When a company goes from being one of the largest in the world to filing for bankruptcy in just a matter of weeks, 
there are more than enough lessons to fill a few business textbooks. But above all, the Enron implosion illustrates 
a major failing of Wall Street: a lack of independent and reliable investment advice for average investors. While 
the seeds of Enron's destruction may ultimately lie in the slippery accounting and off-balance-sheet maneuverings 
of its senior management, Enron wouldn't have pulled so many portfolios down with it if it hadn't had such a vast 
squad of fawning and unquestioning cheerleaders on Wall Street. As a ferociously acquisitive company, Enron 
represented a golden goose of investment-banking fees for major Wall Street securities firms. And as this debacle 
demonstrates, it's simply no longer reasonable - if it ever was - for ordinary investors to look to such financial 
institutions for unbiased investment advice. 
Lesson Two 
Microsoft (MSFT): Don't Bet Against Market-Share Leaders 
Your mother may have told you that schoolyard bullies will get their comeuppance in the end, but on Wall Street 
bullies often come out victors - especially if they're named William Gates. Indeed, investors who placed their bets 
on Gates & Co. in the legal battle between Microsoft and the federal government have seen their investment rise 
some 55% year-to-date. Yet just six months ago, some were saying Microsoft was looking vulnerable after a 
federal appellate court ruled that the software giant had abused its monopoly power. Now, with the Department of 
Justice all but crying uncle this fall in agreeing to settle its antitrust dispute with Microsoft, Gates & Co. are 
entering 2002 stronger than ever. Some antitrust experts suspect lawyers in the Bush Administration - despite 
some earlier tough words on the matter - were never really comfortable with a lawsuit that had been initiated by 
their democratic predecessors. In any event, Microsoft is again standing atop the software world. And investors 
have learned not to underestimate a corporate bully with brains, cash and market share. 
Lesson Three 
Oracle (ORCL): A 100-Year Storm Sinks All Boats 
As any tech investor knows, the technology crash actually began in the spring of 2000, with the bursting of the 
Internet stock bubble. That was followed by a dire earnings warning in September 2000 from Intel (INTC), the 
world's biggest semiconductor maker. In fact, many of the big tech heavyweights like Cisco (CSCO), Sun 
Microsystems (SUNW) and Intel suffered their biggest losses toward the end of 2000. For many tech stocks, 2001 
merely poured more salt on the wound. But throughout last year's bleeding, database-software manufacturer

Page 3 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Oracle seemed to be the one tech giant that was relatively immune to all the contagion going around. In fact, 
while most tech companies were issuing profit warning after profit warning a year ago this time, Oracle 
announced quarterly earnings that slightly exceeded Wall Street's expectations. In a conference call last 
December, Oracle Chief Financial Officer Jeff Henley boasted: "All tech companies are not the same." A lot of 
analysts and portfolio managers agreed. The thinking went that because its database software was so vital to the 
efficient functioning of corporations, Oracle was relatively immune to the woes hitting the tech sector. It wasn't, of 
course. As its customers' capital budgets contracted, Oracle soon found itself joining the earnings-warning 
brigade, and its stock has been cut in half this year. The lesson: When a sector is going over the falls, chances 
are everyone will get a turn in the barrel. 
Lesson Four 
Hewlett-Packard (HWP): Beware CEO Hubris 
In the bull market of the 1990s, it became fashionable for investors and the news media to heap adulation on 
superstar chief executive officers. Trouble is, the CEOs on the receiving end often start believing their own press 
clippings, and thinking they're not only smart, rich and successful, but invincible. And that sort of pride goeth 
before the fall, as Hewlett-Packard shareholders have been discovering these past few months. HP's stock 
sagged by as much as 38% in the wake of CEO Carleton Fiorina's much-derided plan to acquire struggling 
computer manufacturer Compaq (CPQ). (Now that many on Wall Street think the plan is D.O.A., the stock has 
rallied back in recent weeks and is currently down a mere 13%.) Bad enough that the proposed deal was widely 
criticized as the desperate coupling of two has-beens to create one never-would-be. But then some prominent HP 
stockholders, including board member Walter Hewlett, a son of one of the company's founders, emerged vowing 
to vote against the merger. Fiorina says she won't back down. It's particularly troubling that Fiorina had been 
warned of possible opposition from Hewlett before she announced the merger, according to a recent Business 
Week report. Investors should get nervous when CEOs start assuming they can do whatever they please. And 
they should get even more worried when CEOs start ignoring warning signs that they're wrong about that first 
assumption. 
Lesson Five 
Winstar: Beware of Risky Financing 
Winstar is just one of many upstart telecommunication companies that went bust this year. And like many of 
them, it began resorting to a kind of risky last-chance financing that should have been an early tip-off to investors 
to flee. What we're talking about is the so-called "death-spiral" convertible bond - a hybrid security that's part 
bond, part stock, and which Winstar and other now-defunct telecoms issued in the late 1990s. Like a traditional 
convertible bond, a death-spiral bond can be converted into company stock at a later date. But the death-spiral 
bond gets its name because it forces the company to keep issuing more shares to the bondholders if the stock 
price is sinking. That, of course, dilutes the value of the company's stock and only drives the share price even 
lower. It can become a vicious circle that ultimately drives the stock into the ground. Not all issuers of death-spiral 
bonds meet up with the same fate as Winstar's. But companies engaging in this kind of risky financing aren't for 
the faint of heart, and their stocks certainly aren't the place for anyone but the most risk-tolerant investors to put 
their money. 
Lesson Six 
InVision (INVN): Greed Feels No Guilt on Wall Street 
It's no surprise that some of the top-performing stocks of the year are ones in companies that protect people, 
planes and buildings. And no stock has come to reflect the rush into the security sector more than InVision - one 
of two companies approved by the Federal Aviation Administration to manufacture bomb-sniffing machines for 
airports. For the year, the stock is up just over 2,000%, rising from $1.50 a share to roughly $32. And 
approximately half of that gain has come since the terror attacks. Now, some might find it unseemly that investors 
should profit from fear, especially in the wake of the carnage at the World Trade Center and the Pentagon. But 
that's the way Wall Street works. The hard truth is that Wall Street isn't a place for emotion. It's simply a place to 
make money, and since Sept. 11, security stocks have been good ways to do just that. And that leads us into our 
final lesson of 2001, which is also inspired by InVision and other stocks of its ilk. 
Lesson Seven 
InVision: Take Some Profits When You Can

Page 4 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
We use InVision to illustrate this lesson, but any other highflying stock will do just as well. If anything, the collapse 
of the bull market should have taught investors just how fragile stock prices are, and how easy it is for paper 
profits to turn into real losses. Being a long-term buy-and-hold investor doesn't mean you have to sit on a stock 
until you're ready to retire. When any stock runs up the way InVision did - its current price-to-earnings ratio is a 
whopping 460 - there's nothing wrong with taking some profits. This year's experience with stocks like Oracle and 
Enron demonstrates that even big-cap stocks can lose much, or even all of their market value, in the blink of an 
eye. So if you're one of those people who bought some shares of InVision during the days and weeks right after 
the Sept. 11 attacks, it may be time to take some winnings off the table. And this year, count yourself lucky to 
have any winnings at all. 
For more information and analysis of companies and mutual funds, visit SmartMoney.com at 
http://www.smartmoney.com/. 
Document dj00000020011227dxcr0002t

Page 5 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
A Return Visit to Earlier Stories -- Family Matters: Opposition from Hewlett and Packard clans could scuttle H-P merger with Compaq 
Review & Preview Follow-Up 
A Return Visit to Earlier Stories -- Family Matters: Opposition from Hewlett and Packard clans could 
scuttle H-P merger with Compaq 
By Mark Veverka 
549 words 
12 November 2001 
Barron's 
B
15 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
The one-two punch by founding family shareholders has knocked the Hewlett-Packard merger with Compaq 
Computer to the canvas, but it wasn't a total knockout. Not yet, anyway. 
The wobbly deal suffered major setbacks last week. First Walter Hewlett, the oldest son of the late William 
Hewlett, shockingly announced that he would vote against HP's buyout of beleaguered Compaq; then, David W. 
Packard, son of the late co-founder, also came out against the deal. 
"It was clearly surprising, and it was a body blow to the deal," says financial analyst Toni Sacconaghi of Sanford 
C. Bernstein, who was among the first to identify that the proposed merger diluted HP shareholders' stake in the 
company's cash-cow imaging business while simultaneously increasing their exposure to the money-losing 
personal computer business. Just days before the deal was unveiled, we suggested HP chief executive Carleton 
Fiorina should deep-six the PC business and focus on HP's strongest suit: printing and imaging. ("Carly's 
Challenge," August 13). 
As early as September, Sacconaghi posited that only two things were likely to scuttle the merger: HP 
shareholders and European regulators. And now it appears that both may stand in the way. Compaq 
shareholders, he argued, had little to gain by blocking the merger, as their wounded businesses lay in limbo. 
The "nays" by the founding families do not constitute your garden-variety shareholder dissent. The two HP heirs, 
and foundations they are affiliated with, control about 8.5% of the stock. 
Their combined lack of support is three-dimensional, Sacconaghi says. First, Walter Hewlett is a board member 
who backed the deal in September but now has apparently changed his mind. Second, the families hold 
significant stakes (the rest of the Packard shares, which are still uncommitted, account for another 10% stake). 
Third, the announcement by Packard on the heels of the Hewlett missive builds momentum against the deal, he 
adds. 
If the David and Lucille Packard Foundation backs the merger, the momentum could shift. But if the Packard 
Foundation doesn't, HP would need to garner about two-thirds of the institutional shares to claim victory. 
(Institutions account for about 53% of the shares while individuals control about 29%. Management and family 
hold about 18%.) 
Shares of Compaq closed 6% lower Wednesday while HP shares rose 19%, indicating that investors think HP 
should scuttle the deal. Arbitrageurs, who had been long Compaq for the spread between the stock's quote and 
the proposed deal price, began reducing their positions after the families' announcements. 
What's more, if HP shareholders don't approve the deal, the company would still owe Compaq $675 million in 
break-up fees, Sacconaghi says. But if the European regulators block it, points out Ashok Kumar of U.S. Bancorp 
Piper Jaffray, HP might avoid that penalty. "European approval could entail exit from the consumer computer 
business, which HP could use as an excuse to get out of the deal without paying the fees," the analyst says. So 
HP shareholders may be rooting for the Brussels bureaucrats to meddle in another U.S. corporate merger. 
Document b000000020011110dxbc0000n

Page 6 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
BARRON'S: Review & Preview Follow-Up -- A Return Visit To Earlier Stories -- Family Matters: Opposition From Hewlett And Packard Clans ... 
BARRON'S: Review & Preview Follow-Up -- A Return Visit To Earlier Stories -- Family Matters: Opposition 
From Hewlett And Packard Clans Could Scuttle H-P 
By Mark Veverka 
548 words 
10 November 2001 
00:32 
Dow Jones International News 
DJI 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
The one-two punch by founding family shareholders has knocked the Hewlett-Packard merger with Compaq 
Computer to the canvas, but it wasn't a total knockout. Not yet, anyway. 
The wobbly deal suffered major setbacks last week. First Walter Hewlett, the oldest son of the late William 
Hewlett, shockingly announced that he would vote against HP's buyout of beleaguered Compaq; then, David W. 
Packard, son of the late co-founder, also came out against the deal. 
"It was clearly surprising, and it was a body blow to the deal," says financial analyst Toni Sacconaghi of Sanford 
C. Bernstein, who was among the first to identify that the proposed merger diluted HP shareholders' stake in the 
company's cash-cow imaging business while simultaneously increasing their exposure to the money-losing 
personal computer business. Just days before the deal was unveiled, we suggested HP chief executive Carleton 
Fiorina should deep-six the PC business and focus on HP's strongest suit: printing and imaging. ("Carly's 
Challenge," August 13). 
As early as September, Sacconaghi posited that only two things were likely to scuttle the merger: HP 
shareholders and European regulators. And now it appears that both may stand in the way. Compaq 
shareholders, he argued, had little to gain by blocking the merger, as their wounded businesses lay in limbo. 
The "nays" by the founding families do not constitute your garden-variety shareholder dissent. The two HP heirs, 
and foundations they are affiliated with, control about 8.5% of the stock. 
Their combined lack of support is three-dimensional, Sacconaghi says. First, Walter Hewlett is a board member 
who backed the deal in September but now has apparently changed his mind. Second, the families hold 
significant stakes (the rest of the Packard shares, which are still uncommitted, account for another 10% stake). 
Third, the announcement by Packard on the heels of the Hewlett missive builds momentum against the deal, he 
adds. 
If the David and Lucille Packard Foundation backs the merger, the momentum could shift. But if the Packard 
Foundation doesn't, HP would need to garner about two-thirds of the institutional shares to claim victory. 
(Institutions account for about 53% of the shares while individuals control about 29%. Management and family 
hold about 18%.) 
Shares of Compaq closed 6% lower Wednesday while HP shares rose 19%, indicating that investors think HP 
should scuttle the deal. Arbitrageurs, who had been long Compaq for the spread between the stock's quote and 
the proposed deal price, began reducing their positions after the families' announcements. 
What's more, if HP shareholders don't approve the deal, the company would still owe Compaq $675 million in 
break-up fees, Sacconaghi says. But if the European regulators block it, points out Ashok Kumar of U.S. Bancorp 
Piper Jaffray, HP might avoid that penalty. "European approval could entail exit from the consumer computer 
business, which HP could use as an excuse to get out of the deal without paying the fees," the analyst says. So 
HP shareholders may be rooting for the Brussels bureaucrats to meddle in another U.S. corporate merger. 
Document dji0000020011110dxba0004h

Page 7 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
BARRON'S: Review & Preview Follow-Up -- A Return Visit To Earlier Stories -- Family Matters: Opposition From Hewlett And Packard Clans ... 
BARRON'S: Review & Preview Follow-Up -- A Return Visit To Earlier Stories -- Family Matters: Opposition 
From Hewlett And Packard Clans Could Scuttle H-P 
By Mark Veverka 
548 words 
10 November 2001 
00:32 
Capital Markets Report 
CM 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
The one-two punch by founding family shareholders has knocked the Hewlett-Packard merger with Compaq 
Computer to the canvas, but it wasn't a total knockout. Not yet, anyway. 
The wobbly deal suffered major setbacks last week. First Walter Hewlett, the oldest son of the late William 
Hewlett, shockingly announced that he would vote against HP's buyout of beleaguered Compaq; then, David W. 
Packard, son of the late co-founder, also came out against the deal. 
"It was clearly surprising, and it was a body blow to the deal," says financial analyst Toni Sacconaghi of Sanford 
C. Bernstein, who was among the first to identify that the proposed merger diluted HP shareholders' stake in the 
company's cash-cow imaging business while simultaneously increasing their exposure to the money-losing 
personal computer business. Just days before the deal was unveiled, we suggested HP chief executive Carleton 
Fiorina should deep-six the PC business and focus on HP's strongest suit: printing and imaging. ("Carly's 
Challenge," August 13). 
As early as September, Sacconaghi posited that only two things were likely to scuttle the merger: HP 
shareholders and European regulators. And now it appears that both may stand in the way. Compaq 
shareholders, he argued, had little to gain by blocking the merger, as their wounded businesses lay in limbo. 
The "nays" by the founding families do not constitute your garden-variety shareholder dissent. The two HP heirs, 
and foundations they are affiliated with, control about 8.5% of the stock. 
Their combined lack of support is three-dimensional, Sacconaghi says. First, Walter Hewlett is a board member 
who backed the deal in September but now has apparently changed his mind. Second, the families hold 
significant stakes (the rest of the Packard shares, which are still uncommitted, account for another 10% stake). 
Third, the announcement by Packard on the heels of the Hewlett missive builds momentum against the deal, he 
adds. 
If the David and Lucille Packard Foundation backs the merger, the momentum could shift. But if the Packard 
Foundation doesn't, HP would need to garner about two-thirds of the institutional shares to claim victory. 
(Institutions account for about 53% of the shares while individuals control about 29%. Management and family 
hold about 18%.) 
Shares of Compaq closed 6% lower Wednesday while HP shares rose 19%, indicating that investors think HP 
should scuttle the deal. Arbitrageurs, who had been long Compaq for the spread between the stock's quote and 
the proposed deal price, began reducing their positions after the families' announcements. 
What's more, if HP shareholders don't approve the deal, the company would still owe Compaq $675 million in 
break-up fees, Sacconaghi says. But if the European regulators block it, points out Ashok Kumar of U.S. Bancorp 
Piper Jaffray, HP might avoid that penalty. "European approval could entail exit from the consumer computer 
business, which HP could use as an excuse to get out of the deal without paying the fees," the analyst says. So 
HP shareholders may be rooting for the Brussels bureaucrats to meddle in another U.S. corporate merger. 
Document cm00000020011110dxba000rt

Page 8 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
HP Board Members Fully Committed to HP Leadership and Compaq Transaction 
HP Board Members Fully Committed to HP Leadership and Compaq Transaction 
727 words 
7 November 2001 
03:35 
Business Wire 
BWR 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2001, Business Wire) 
PALO ALTO, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 7, 2001--All of HP's Board members, with the exception of Walter 
B. Hewlett, today collectively reaffirm their enthusiastic support for the merger of Hewlett-Packard Company and 
Compaq Computer Corporation. These Board members also unequivocally support Carly Fiorina's leadership. 
"The Board thoroughly analyzed this transaction and unanimously concluded this is the very best way to deliver 
the value our shareowners expect," said Dick Hackborn, former chairman and executive vice president of HP. 
"Today, I'm even more convinced of the power of this combination, particularly given the progress of our 
integration plans. Under Carly's leadership, the new HP will continue to be an innovation leader with a culture 
focused on trust, teamwork, accountability and contribution." 
"The Board has supported this deal from the outset because we see the value that will be unleashed by 
combining these two companies," said Sam Ginn, retired chairman of Vodafone AirTouch Plc. "The merger 
strengthens the products, services and solutions the new HP will provide. The merger builds on the companies' 
complementary strengths in services and support around the world. I believe this merger will enhance our 
innovative capabilities and immediately improve the company's earnings power and competitive position." 
"Shareowners have not yet had an opportunity to review the proxy statement which we will be filing shortly," said 
Patricia C. Dunn, co-chairman and global chief executive of Barclay's Global Investors. "The statement will 
provide a complete view of this transaction, which is necessary for a thoughtful decision by shareowners." 
Philip M. Condit, chairman of the board and chief executive officer of the Boeing Company 
Patricia C. Dunn, co-chairman and global chief executive of Barclay's Global Investors 
Sam Ginn, retired chairman of Vodafone AirTouch Plc 
Carleton Fiorina, chairman and chief executive officer of HP 
Richard A. Hackborn, former chairman and retired executive vice president of HP 
George A. Keyworth II, chairman and senior fellow of the Progress & Freedom Foundation 
Robert E. Knowling Jr., chairman and chief executive officer of Internet Access Technologies Inc. 
Robert P. Wayman, executive vice president and chief financial officer of HP 
About HP 
Hewlett-Packard Company -- a leading global provider of computing and imaging solutions and services -- is 
focused on making technology and its benefits accessible to all. HP had total revenue from continuing operations 
of $48.8 billion in its 2000 fiscal year. Information about HP and its products can be found on the World Wide Web 
at http://www.hp.com. 
This news release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. All 
statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking 
statements. For example, statements of expected synergies, accretion, timing of closing, industry ranking, 
execution of integration plans and management and organizational structure are all forward-looking statements. 
Risks, uncertainties and assumptions include the possibility that the market for the sale of certain products and 
services may not develop as expected; that development of these products and services may not proceed as

Page 9 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
planned; that the transaction does not close or that the companies may be required to modify aspects of the 
transaction to achieve regulatory approval; or that prior to the closing of the proposed merger, the businesses of 
the companies suffer due to uncertainty; that the parties are unable to transition customers, successfully execute 
their integration strategies, or achieve planned synergies; other risks that are described from time to time in HP's 
Securities and Exchange Commission reports (including but not limited to the annual report on Form 10-K for the 
year ended Oct. 31, 2000, and subsequently filed reports); and other risks that are described from time to time in 
Compaq's Securities and Exchange Commission reports (including but not limited to the annual report on Form 
10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2000, and subsequently filed reports). If any of these risks or uncertainties 
materializes or any of these assumptions proves incorrect, HP's and Compaq's results could differ materially from 
HP's and Compaq's expectations in these statements. HP and Compaq assume no obligation and do not intend 
to update these forward-looking statements. 
Document bwr0000020011107dxb70129t

Page 10 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Monti Says European Commission To Rule on H-P- Compaq Merger 
Monti Says European Commission To Rule on H-P- Compaq Merger 
256 words 
18 September 2001 
07:14 
Dow Jones Business News 
DJON 
English 
(c) 2001 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
BRUSSELS -- European Union antitrust authorities will rule on the proposed merger between U.S. computer 
giants Hewlett-Packard Corp. and Compaq Computer Corp., Competition Commissioner Mario Monti said 
Tuesday. 
"We will be involved," Mr. Monti told a group of EU parliamentarians. 
Mr. Monti said the companies have contacted the European Commission, the EU's executive branch, as part of 
the prenotification process. He said it was "vastly premature" to give any substantive views on the case. 
H-P's (HWP) $20.52 billion proposed acquisition of Compaq (CPQ) -- the second and third-largest 
personal-computer makers respectively -- is expected to get a tough review by antitrust enforcers in both Europe 
and the U.S. The process could result in the forced divestiture of overlapping products and technologies, 
something H-P's chief executive, Carleton Fiorina, has said she is prepared to contemplate. 
Antitrust officials are likely to look closely at the retail channel, where the two companies sell two-thirds of desktop 
computers. But many of their products have low profit margins, and are made from standard, widely available 
components, and the companies will argue that their markets are rapidly changing. 
The deal doesn't appear to pose the kinds of antitrust problems that led the European Commission to block 
General Electric Co.'s (GE) proposed purchase of Honeywell International Inc. (HON) in July after U.S. regulators 
had given the merger their blessing. 
Copyright (c) 2001 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
All Rights Reserved. 
Document djon000020010918dx9i005pl

Page 11 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
HP to take control of procurement from Compaq in Taiwan. 
HP to take control of procurement from Compaq in Taiwan. 
By The China Post Staff. 
510 words 
11 September 2001 
China Post 
CHIPOS 
English 
(c) 2001 The China Post. All Rights Reserved 
The procurement office of Hewlett-Packard has already approached Arima Computer and Inventec Corporation in 
an attempt to play a dominant role in procurement from these OEM suppliers, which currently supply to Compaq. 
Industry observers are now paying close attention to Inventec and Arima to see if they will take orders from a 
second OEM customer. In the past their production capacity was totally reserved for Compaq. 
Industry sources had said that Inventec was a victim of the acquisition deal. Because of slowed sales of 
Compaq's products, Inventec's revenue dropped by 25 percent to NT$34 billion. Because Compaq no longer 
exists after the HP acquisition and procurement control was expected to be released to HP, Inventec's stock 
dropped to a new low of NT$18.9 on Thursday. 
Unlike other OEM makers such as Quanta Computer Inc. and Compal Electronics, Inventec maintained a very 
close relationship with Compaq. Inventec not only provided notebook PCs to Compaq; it is also the sole OEM 
maker of Compaq's server product lines. Quanta and Compal have been supplying to both HP and Compaq for a 
long time. Inventec seems to be a "never, never land" to HP. 
Compaq is the largest foreign company to procure its products from Taiwan. Its procurement value will exceed 
US$10 billion this year, up from last year's US$9.7 billion. HP this year will purchase US$5.5 billion from Taiwan. 
Ever since news of the HP acquisition reached Taiwan, stocks of those companies closely associated with 
Compaq have plummeted heavily. Employees of both Compaq and HP are worried about possible layoffs to be 
carried out after the acquisition, even though top Compaq Taiwan officials assured that the OEM supply 
relationship of Inventec, Arima, and Compal will remain the same. 
Industry sources said that the top officials of both HP and Compaq were asked to keep silent in response to 
questions of outsiders as details of the merger are still to be straightened out on the two companies' home turf. 
Carleton Fiorina, the chief executive of HP, and the top executive of HP Taiwan were said to have sent e-mails 
to its customers, sales channels, and suppliers to reiterate that the company's emphasis on customer satisfaction 
would remain unchanged after the acquisition. 
Despite Fiorina's statement that the acquisition would create shareholders' value and an advantageous growth 
opportunity, her talks were greeted with plummeting stock prices of both companies in the last few days. The 
combined value of the two companies declined from US$25 billion when the acquisition was first announced to 
less than US$20. 
Industry insiders warned that before the new HP takes measures to cut overseas employees, an army of current 
Compaq employees may defect to their competitors' camps. 
Many foreign fund managers regarded the acquisition deal as a failure. 
Fiorina, however, expected the new HP would grow at the industry's norm of 10 percent or more in sales. 
Document chipos0020011109dx9b0005u

Page 12 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
No Easy Task: Mixing, Matching H-P and Compaq --- In Europe, the Computer Firms Are Structured Very Differently 
No Easy Task: Mixing, Matching H-P and Compaq --- In Europe, the Computer Firms Are Structured Very 
Differently 
By Kevin J. Delaney and David Woodruff 
Staff Reporters 
1,020 words 
6 September 2001 
The Wall Street Journal Europe 
WSJE 
23 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
PARIS -- It is hard enough for two big companies to successfully merge operations, but in Europe, Hewlett 
Packard Co. and Compaq Computer Corp. face an especially tricky task. 
It comes down to a basic conundrum: Who gets the power? 
The real power in Compaq, analysts say, lies with the country managers who oversee distinct national 
operations, say in France or the U.K. But at H-P, it's the managers who direct specific product lines, such as 
personal computers or Unix servers, who hold the reins. 
"If you wanted to set out a strategy for merging Compaq Europe and H-P Europe it's not clear who should even 
be in the room," says Steve Brazier, chief executive of Canalys.com Ltd., a U.K. tech research firm and 
consultant. 
While each has a trace of the other's model, the existing organizational differences could make it harder to 
integrate the two companies should the proposed acquisition, currently valued at $20.52 billion (23.16 billion 
euros), go through. Moreover, if H-P botches the combination, it risks losing scores of talented managers and 
engineers, just as Daimler did when it swallowed Chrysler. 
Merging companies always face tough choices about the shape of the new organization and who will run it, say 
management specialists. Those issues become even more complicated in Europe, where many corporations are 
in the process of shifting the power structure away from traditional national boundaries toward product lines or 
large geographic regions. The key for Compaq and H-P, consultants and academics say, will be to choose a 
distinct structure, then move quickly to identify who will be in charge. 
"The worst thing that can happen is that they start pondering which one makes the most sense," says Maurizio 
Zollo, an associate professor of strategy at business school Insead, near Paris. "Fortunately, this is not being sold 
as a merger of equals. That means there is less of a need to build consensus." 
Compaq and H-P executives have conceded the structural challenges, but have touted a strong fit between the 
companies. H-P Chief Executive Carleton Fiorina told analysts Tuesday that the similar structure of the 
companies' organizations and sales forces would help integrate the two. Spokesmen for Compaq and H-P 
declined to comment on the specifics of combining their European operations. 
At the same time, interviews with several analysts and former employees suggest the differences remain 
substantial in a region where the two combined currently have about 45,000 employees and $30 billion in sales 
last year. 
Consider that the heads of Compaq's European country units have responsibility for the profit-and-loss 
accounting of their operations, an authority that generally lies with the powerful product-line managers at H-P 
Europe. Compaq's country managers have extensive flexibility on pricing and product portfolios in their area, 
while at H-P, the European product-line executives retain most of that power. 
"At Compaq, the individual countries are definitely run as individual businesses," says Jonathan Eales, who was 
a marketing manager at Compaq's U.K. division until January and now works at French Groupe Bull SA.

Page 13 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
In contrast, these analysts and former employees say, at H-P the country manager coordinates the activities 
rather than having ultimate bottom-line responsibility. That structure is slightly blurred by the fact that H-P 
launched an initiative about two years ago -- internally dubbed "Back End/Front End" -- aimed at shifting more 
power to the front end, or the people at the regional level from the back end, or those at headquarters. 
"H-P is partway through a difficult reorganization" that involves moving the profit-and-loss responsibility from the 
back end to the front end, says StreamServe Chief Executive Nick Earle, who spent 18 years at H-P, including a 
stint as the president of its global Internet activities. Mr. Earle believes the merger is the right move for H-P, but 
says Compaq's integration makes the reorganization "more difficult." 
Others say the structural differences are no bigger an issue than the overall mammoth task of integration. "In 
each country every subsidiary is facing the possibility of closure," says Brian Gammage, principal analyst at tech 
research firm Gartner Dataquest in the U.K. He believes the structural integration stands a chance of proceeding 
smoothly because employees will want to make it work rather than lose their jobs. But it is too early to speculate 
about how the integration will proceed before bigger issues, such as the location of the headquarters for the 
combined PC division, are settled, Mr. Gammage says. 
For the moment, many observers are betting the H-P model will win out. The challenge for H-P's managers will be 
to impose their organization on the Compaq troops without alienating talented Compaq managers and 
engineers. Although the computer industry is in a slump, experienced executives and technical experts can still 
find work elsewhere with relative ease. If Compaq employees feel there is no future for them in the new 
organization, they are likely to bolt, say consultants and academics familiar with the merger process. That is what 
happened in 1998 when Intel Corp. bought Digital Equipment Corp.'s chip-making division, says Insead's Mr. 
Zollo. 
To avoid that pitfall, H-P executives should move quickly to choose a structure and name the people who will 
head it, say merger experts. Individuals who will play important roles in the new organization will likely stick 
around if they are told about management's plans. But that often goes against the grain; managers usually wait 
until the last moment to make important personnel decisions. 
"It's the most difficult thing to convince clients to do," says Eric Pelletier a Paris-based vice president at Booz, 
Allen & Hamilton Inc. who has helped several companies integrate after acquisitions. "They don't like to decide on 
people quickly. This is probably a key reason why mergers fail." 
Document wsje000020010906dx9600016

Page 14 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Job Cuts Expected As Hewlett-Packard Takes Over Rival. 
Job Cuts Expected As Hewlett-Packard Takes Over Rival. 
333 words 
6 September 2001 
13:26 
All Africa 
AFNWS 
English 
(c) Distributed via COMTEX News. 
Sep 06, 2001 (The Monitor/All Africa Global Media via COMTEX)-More than 13,000 jobs will be eliminated as US 
computer giant Hewlett-Packard takes over rival Compaq in an attempt to shield itself from the global high-tech 
slump. The merger is costing HP $25bn and will create the world's biggest computer company, with combined 
revenues of $87bn. The two companies, which have seen their share prices collapse in recent months, have 
overlapping interests around the world, and aim to cut $2.5bn in costs as their operations are rationalised. But 
investors were unimpressed, sending HP's shares down by more than 10 percent during the first minutes of 
trading. The markets are concerned about HP spending money at a time of gloom for the computer industry, and 
by indications from the firms that their revenues could dip over the next couple of years. There are also fears that 
regulators could force concessions before waving the deal through. 
When combined, the second and third largest PC makers would overtake Dell Computer as the number one PC 
maker in terms of sales, according to Gartner Dataquest. Carleton Fiorina is set to become the new company's 
chief executive. In the market for computer servers, Compaq ranks first while HP is fourth after Dell and IBM. 
Even so, the new giant will have a lower market value than each of the two merger partners had last summer 
when their share prices peaked. Since then, the value of their stock has dwindled as falling sales and market 
worries have forced them to lay off several thousand workers and slash their profit forecasts. HP chief executive 
Carleton Fiorina said the firms would not be laying out their full plans for the merger immediately. But costs 
would be cut by $2.5bn over the next three years, the company said. 
Copyright The Monitor. Distributed by All Africa Global Media(AllAfrica.com) 
KEYWORD: Economy, Business and Finance. 
Document afnws00020021107dx96026n4

Page 15 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Hewlett-Packard to buy rival computer maker Compaq - NYT. 
Hewlett-Packard to buy rival computer maker Compaq - NYT. 
203 words 
3 September 2001 
22:51 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2001 Reuters Limited 
(Attached alert corrects RIC, or Reuter Instrument Code, for Hewlett-Packard) 
NEW YORK, Sept 3 (Reuters) - Computer giant Hewlett-Packard Co. will announce on Tuesday it is buying rival 
Compaq Computer Corp. for $25 billion in stock, The New York Times reported on Monday evening, citing 
executives close to the negotiations. 
While an agreement had been reached in the acquisition, specific terms were not disclosed, according to the 
newspaper. However, a premium is being offered for Compaq's stock, The New York Times reported. 
Carleton Fiorina, the chairman and chief executive of Palo Alto, California-based Hewlett-Packard, will become 
the new company's chairman and CEO, while Houston-based Compaq's Chairman and CEO Michael D. 
Capellas will become president of the new entity, according to The New York Times. 
The newspaper said spokesmen for the two companies declined comment. 
On Friday, Compaq's shares closed at $12.35, down 34 cents from Thursday, while Hewlett-Packard shares 
ended at $23.21, down 19 cents from Thursday's close, both in trading on the New York Stock Exchange. The 
U.S. stock market was closed Monday in observance of the Labor Day holiday.. 
Document lba0000020010904dx94005w2

Page 16 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Hewlett buying Compaq to create computer giant 
News Business 
Hewlett buying Compaq to create computer giant 
Associated Press 
208 words 
4 September 2001 
The Globe and Mail 
GLOB 
Metro 
B1 
English 
"All material copyright Bell Globemedia Publishing Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. " 
PALO ALTO, CALIF. -- Hewlett-Packard Co. is buying fellow computer maker Compaq Computer Corp. for an 
estimated $25-billion (U.S.), a deal meant to bolster two companies that have been saddled with sagging profits 
and massive job cuts, the companies announced yesterday. 
The deal will create a computer behemoth that would rival industry leader IBM. In its most recent 12 months, 
Hewlett-Packard reported revenues of $47-billion, while Compaq had revenues of $40-billion. That is only slightly 
less than IBM's $90-billion. 
Hewlett-Packard chief executive Carleton Fiorina, 46, who will continue to be chief executive of the combined 
company, said the deal "vaults us into a leadership role with customers and partners -- together we will shape the 
industry for years to come." 
The new company would have annual earnings of $3.9-billion and operations in more than 160 countries and 
145,000 employees. 
The deal comes as the computer industry suffers through a downturn that has seen sales shrink considerably. 
Hewlett and Compaq's stocks have suffered drastically in recent months. 
The companies said the deal calls for one Compaq share to be exchanged for about 0.63 Hewlett-Packard 
shares. 
Document glob000020010905dx9400001

Page 17 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
HP in talks to buy Compaq Deal would value PC firm at $26-billion 
Report on Business 
HP in talks to buy Compaq Deal would value PC firm at $26-billion 
NIKHIL DEOGUN, GARY McWILLIAMS AND MOLLY WILLIAMS 
Wall Street Journal 
726 words 
4 September 2001 
The Globe and Mail 
GLOB 
Metro 
B1 
English 
"All material copyright Bell Globemedia Publishing Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. " 
NEW YORK, HOUSTON and SAN FRANCISCO -- Hewlett-Packard Co. is trying to finalize a deal to acquire 
Compaq Computer Corp. in a stock-swap transaction that values Compaq at $26-billion (U.S.), people familiar 
with the situation say. 
The two sides have been in on-again, off-again discussions for some time, so the talks could still fall apart, these 
people cautioned. Should a transaction be consummated, it would result in a combination of two of the biggest 
names in computers, printers and computer servers. 
At its most basic, the deal would bring Compaq, the world's No. 2 maker of personal computers, under the 
umbrella of HP, a distant No. 3, allowing the combined entity to be bigger than and better able to compete with 
long-time leader Dell Computer Co. But a merger of HP and Compaq has broader implications than a 
consolidation of the PC industry, which is witnessing one of its worst downturns in years. Instead, it threatens to 
bring the PC price war to the world of computer services and storage networks. 
Increasingly, the personal computer companies -- squeezed in their core low-margin business of making PCs -- 
are trying to move onto the turf occupied by International Business Machines Corp. and Sun Microsystems Inc. by 
focusing on higher-margin computer services. The combination would create a computer-services giant. 
Both companies have been trying unsuccessfully to build up their higher-margin services operations for the past 
several years. Amid relentless price cutting in their computer operations, each has turned to acquisitions with 
varying degrees of success. For instance, HP recently acquired Comdisco Corp.'s disaster-recovery operations, 
but saw its talks to buy PricewaterhouseCoopers LLC's consulting services business fall apart this year. 
So, too, Compaq has made several small services buys, but was outbid in its largest purchase, for Proxicom Inc. 
Combining Palo Alto, Calif.-based HP and Houston-based Compaq will offer huge amounts of cost savings in 
several categories while strengthening the companies' positions in the PC market. 
Both Compaq and HP are facing enormous profit pressures, but have been reluctant to get out of the PC game 
entirely since that would be an admission of defeat. On paper, a deal would also create the world's largest 
supplier of PCs and server computers. HP-Compaq would hold a 19-per-cent share of the global PC business, 
leapfrogging current leader Dell with a worldwide share of about 13 per cent. 
What's more, it would hold a 37-per-cent share of the market for powerful servers that run corporate computer 
rooms. That share would be more than double the current No. 2, Dell. Both HP and Compaq have struggled to 
halt the inroads of Dell in PC servers and IBM in sales of large computers running the Unix operating system. In 
the past quarter, Compaq's share of U.S. server shipments fell 26 per cent and HP's 25 per cent, while Dell and 
IBM were the sole big-company gainers, Gartner Inc. said. 
Under terms of the deal being discussed, HP would offer 0.63 shares for each share of Compaq. On Friday, HP 
shares fell 19 cents to $23.21 on the New York Stock Exchange, while Compaq fell 34 cents to $12.35. Both 
stocks are trading near 52-week lows, and Compaq shareholders would get only a modest premium of about 18 
per cent for their stock.

Page 18 of 18 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Michael Capellas, Compaq's chief executive officer, is expected to play a significant role in running the combined 
company, although his exact title couldn't be determined. Carleton Fiorina, Hewlett-Packard's CEO, would 
continue that role. 
A deal would come at a time of weak demand for personal computers. Market researchers expect U.S. PC 
shipments to shrink 10 per cent this year and worldwide shipments to fall for the first time in 15 years. That 
contraction has forced Compaq and HP to slash employment and costs in an effort to match Dell's cost 
efficiencies. 
The move is a bold bet for Ms. Fiorina, the former Lucent Technologies Inc. executive who was brought in to 
succeed veteran HP executive Lew Platt in July, 1999. 
Document glob000020010904dx9400018 
Search Summary 
Text Carleton Fiorina AND Compaq 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2002 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Hewlett-Packard Co. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

