Page 1 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE 1-U.S. DoJ questions Oracle 's Phase Forward buy........................................................................................2 
Oracle to Buy Health-Software Firm................................................................................................................................3 
Oracle to Buy Health-Software Firm for $685 Million ......................................................................................................4 
UPDATE 3-Oracle buying drug software maker Phase Forward ....................................................................................5

Page 2 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE 1-U.S. DoJ questions Oracle 's Phase Forward buy 
UPDATE 1-U.S. DoJ questions Oracle's Phase Forward buy 
397 words 
28 May 2010 
18:45 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2010 Reuters Limited 
* Phase Forward says gov't wants more data on $685 mln deal 
* Would be Oracle's biggest software acquisition in 2 years 
* Phase Forward shares fall 1.4 pct in light trading 
BOSTON, May 28 (Reuters) - The U.S. government has asked for more information on Oracle Corp's $685 million 
purchase of rival specialty software maker Phase Forward Inc , extending an antitrust review to give the deal 
closer scrutiny. 
Phase Forward, the top maker of programs that help drugmakers run clinical trials, said in a regulatory filing on 
Friday the U.S. Department of Justice asked for additional information as it reviews the acquisition to see it hurts 
competition in the software market. 
Oracle spokeswoman Deborah Hellinger declined to comment on the government's request. Officials with Phase 
Forward could not immediately be reached to elaborate on the disclosure, which was made in an 8-K filing with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Had the government not made the request, it would have been obliged to approve the deal within 30 days of 
Oracle and Phase Forward's first filing for anti-trust approval. The companies have not said when they filed. 
Buying Phase Forward would help billionaire Larry Ellison's Oracle expand its portfolio of programs that help 
drugmakers boost the efficiency at a time when they are anxious to slash costs. 
Drug companies are looking to offset revenue declines, as many profitable brand-name drugs will soon face 
competition from low-cost generics. 
Phase Forward is the top producer of programs for managing clinical trials, ahead of Medidata Solutions Inc and 
Oracle. 
Healthcare is one of several key areas where Oracle has focused on building a portfolio of software specific to an 
industry's needs. 
It said in March it would buy another maker of software for pharmaceutical companies -- privately held Relsys 
International Inc, whose programs help monitor product safety. Neither company disclosed the value of that deal. 
Phase Forward shares fell about 1.4 percent in light after-hours trading, dropping to $16.60 from their Nasdaq 
close of $16.83. Oracle agreed to pay $17 per share in cash for the company. Oracle shares were unchanged at 
$22.57. (Reporting by Jim Finkle; and Andre Grenon) 
PHASEFORWARD-ORACLE/ (UPDATE 1)|LANGEN|ABN|E|RBN|U|RNP|DNP|PCO 
Document LBA0000020100528e65s001ia

Page 3 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Oracle to Buy Health-Software Firm 
The Buzz 
Oracle to Buy Health-Software Firm 
By Ben Worthen 
451 words 
17 April 2010 
The Wall Street Journal 
J
B3 
English 
(Copyright (c) 2010, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
Oracle Corp. agreed to buy Phase Forward Inc., strengthening the software maker's position in the growing 
health-technology market and continuing Chief Executive Larry Ellison's growth-through-acquisition strategy. 
Oracle said Friday it will pay approximately $685 million, or $17 a share, for Phase Forward, which makes 
software that helps manage clinical trials. The all-cash offer is a 30% premium on Phase Forward's closing price 
on Thursday. Phase Forward, of Waltham, Mass., had revenue of $213.3 million last year. 
The deal gives Oracle specialized software to sell to pharmaceutical and health-care companies. Organizations in 
these industries are expected to spend $26 billion on computer hardware, software and services in 2010, 
according to Forrester Research. The federal stimulus package also allocated billion of dollars to improve the 
state of technology in health care. 
Oracle, of Redwood Shores, Calif., has had a business unit that targets customers in the health-care industry 
since 2008. But its interest in the field stretches back much further. 
An April 2003 board presentation discussing possible acquisition targets -- made public during court proceedings 
associated with Oracle's acquisition of PeopleSoft -- included an analysis of a possible deal for Cerner Corp., a 
large provider of health-care systems. 
Among the benefits cited was that such a deal would give Oracle leadership in the health-care market; the 
downside was that it would be a big bet on a single industry. There has been no indication that the companies 
discussed a deal, and Cerner remains independent. 
Since that time Oracle has bought more than 20 smaller software makers whose products target specific 
industries like retail and financial services and has built practices around them. But only one of these acquired 
companies -- Relsys International Inc., which Oracle agreed to purchase in March 2009 -- served the health-care 
industry. 
"If you're a pharmaceutical company I'm not sure you think of Oracle as the company you go to," says Bijan 
Salehizadeh, a venture capitalist at Highland Capital Partners who focuses on the health-care industry. "It's hard 
to get into health care credibly without starting as a health-care-focused company." 
With health care becoming a larger part of the economy, Mr. Salehizadeh predicts that other large tech 
companies, such as Microsoft Corp. and Dell Inc., will look to buy medical-software makers. 
Oracle's focus on specific industries has helped it increase its relevance to customers, says Peter Goldmacher, 
an analyst at Cowen &Co. The more products customers buy from Oracle, the less likely they are to sever their 
relationships with the company. 
License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service 
Document J000000020100417e64h0002y

Page 4 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Oracle to Buy Health-Software Firm for $685 Million 
Health 
Oracle to Buy Health-Software Firm for $685 Million 
By Ben Worthen 
442 words 
17 April 2010 
The Wall Street Journal Online 
WSJO 
English 
Copyright 2010 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
Oracle Corp. agreed to buy Phase Forward Inc., strengthening the software maker's position in the growing 
health-technology market and continuing Chief Executive Larry Ellison's growth-through-acquisition strategy. 
Oracle said Friday it will pay approximately $685 million, or $17 a share, for Phase Forward, which makes 
software that helps manage clinical trials. The all-cash offer is a 30% premium on Phase Forward's closing price 
on Thursday. 
The deal gives Oracle specialized software to sell to pharmaceutical and health-care companies. Organizations in 
these industries are expected to spend $26 billion on computer hardware, software and services in 2010, 
according to Forrester Research. The federal stimulus package also allocated billion of dollars to improve the 
state of technology in health care. 
Oracle, of Redwood Shores, Calif., has had a business unit that targets customers in the health-care industry 
since 2008. But its interest in the field stretches back much further. 
An April 2003 board presentation discussing possible acquisition targets—made public during court proceedings 
associated with Oracle's acquisition of PeopleSoft—includes an analysis of a possible deal for Cerner Corp., a 
large provider of health-care systems. Among the benefits cited is that such a deal would give Oracle leadership 
in the health-care market; the downside was that it would be a big bet on a single industry. There has been no 
indication that the companies discussed a deal, and Cerner remains independent. 
Since that time Oracle has bought more than 20 smaller software makers whose products target specific 
industries like retail and financial services, and has built practices around them. But only one of these acquired 
companies—Relsys International Inc., which Oracle agreed to purchase in March, 2009—served the health-care 
industry. 
"If you're a pharmaceutical company I'm not sure you think of Oracle as the company you go to," says Bijan 
Salehizadeh, a venture capitalist at Highland Capital Partners who focuses on the health-care industry. "It's hard 
to get into health care credibly without starting as a health-care-focused company." 
With health care becoming a larger part of the economy, Mr. Salehizadeh predicts that other large tech 
companies, such as Microsoft Corp. and Dell Inc., will look to buy medical-software makers. 
Oracle's focus on specific industries has helped it increase its relevance to customers, says Peter Goldmacher, 
an analyst at Cowen & Co. The more products customers by from Oracle, the less likely they are to sever their 
relationships with the company. 
Write to Ben Worthen at ben.worthen@wsj.com 
Document WSJO000020100416e64h009kl

Page 5 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
UPDATE 3-Oracle buying drug software maker Phase Forward 
UPDATE 3-Oracle buying drug software maker Phase Forward 
565 words 
16 April 2010 
07:57 
Reuters News 
LBA 
English 
(c) 2010 Reuters Limited 
* To pay $685 mln, or $17.00 per share in cash 
* Oracle's biggest software acquisition in two years 
* Phase Forward shares jump 28 pct (Adds analyst comment. Previous dateline NEW YORK) 
By Jim Finkle 
BOSTON, April 16 (Reuters) - Oracle Corp said on Friday it agreed to spend $685 million to buy Phase Forward 
Inc , the top maker of programs that help drugmakers run clinical trials, in Oracle's biggest software acquisition in 
two years. 
The move would help billionaire Larry Ellison's Oracle expand its portfolio of programs that help drugmakers 
boost the efficiency of their operations at a time when the pharmaceutical industry is anxious to slash costs. 
Drug companies are looking to offset revenue declines, as many profitable brand name drugs will soon face 
competition from low-cost generics. 
"Pharmaceutical companies are really focusing on cost reduction to boost profitability, so software applications 
that cut costs and improve their processes have become more important," said Jeff Gaggin, an analyst with Avian 
Securities. 
Oracle said it would pay $17.00 per share in cash for Phase Forward, a 30 percent premium over Thursday's 
closing price of $13.08. Phase Forward shares jumped 28 percent to $16.80 in Nasdaq afternoon trade. 
Phase Forward is the top maker of programs for managing clinical trials, ahead of Medidata Solutions Inc and 
Oracle. Medidata shares rose 6.6 percent to $16.30. 
"Oracle doesn't like to be No. 3 in any market they serve. This propels them to No. 1," said Piper Jaffray analyst 
Sean Wieland. 
Healthcare is one of several key areas where Oracle has focused on building a portfolio of software specific to an 
industry's needs. Yet it has done far fewer deals in healthcare than in its other focus industries: financial services, 
telecommunications/communications and retail. 
That may be changing. 
Last month Oracle said it would buy another maker of software for pharmaceutical makers, privately held Relsys 
International Inc, whose programs help drugmakers monitor product safety. The companies did not disclose the 
value of that transaction. 
Oracle spokeswoman Deborah Hellinger declined to say whether other healthcare acquisitions were in the works. 
Analysts said they do not expect Oracle to make another relatively large acquisition in healthcare technology any 
time soon as there are not any other big companies that meet Oracle's acquisition criteria. 
Chief Executive Larry Ellison's strategy for buying makers of industry-specific software is to find companies that 
have loyal existing customer bases that pay them recurring streams of maintenance revenue on their software. 
Oracle then cross-sells its other key products -- a database, middleware and business management software.

Page 6 of 6 © 2013 Factiva, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Phase Forward's customers include AstraZeneca Plc , Glaxo SmithKline Plc , Merck & Co Inc and Novartis AG . 
"It's is a pretty good investment. It's very typical of what we've seen Oracle do," said Brendan Barnicle, an analyst 
with Pacific Crest Securities. 
The companies said they expect the deal to close in the middle of this year. 
Oracle shares were down 0.5 percent to $26.08 in afternoon trade, compared with a 1.4 percent drop in the 
Nasdaq Composite Index. (Reporting by Jim Finkle. Additional reporting by Ritsuko Ando; Editing by Gerald E. 
McCormick and Derek Caney) 
PHASEFORWARD-ORACLE/ (UPDATE 3)|LANGEN|ABN|E|RBN|U|UKI|D|RNP|DNP|PCO 
Document LBA0000020100416e64g000wm 
Search Summary 
Text Ellison AND Phase Forward 
Date 01/01/1990 to 01/01/2011 
Source All Publications 
Author All Authors 
Company Oracle Corp. 
Subject Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers 
Industry All Industries 
Region All Regions 
Language English

